device: cuda
Loading word index, word embeddings
Loading data
Start Eval
Batch 0 | Validation Loss 6.121838
PD: start what position did the player from val0 play ? end 
GT: start what position does the player who played for val0 play ? end 
PD: start how many numbers are provided for the school / club team val0 ? end 
GT: start how many schools did player number val0 play at ? end 
PD: start what school / club team did the player that is val0 play for ? end 
GT: start what school did player number val0 play for ? end 
PD: start what is the number of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the player that wears number val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the school / club team of the val0 player val1 ? end 
GT: start what player played val0 for toronto in val1 ? end 
PD: start what school / club team did val0 play for ? end 
GT: start who are all of the players on the val0 club team ? end 
PD: start what school / club team did val0 play for ? end 
GT: start what school / club team is val0 on ? end 
PD: start how many years did val0 play for ? end 
GT: start what are the total amount of numbers on the toronto team in val0 ? end 
PD: start how many positions did val0 play for ? end 
GT: start what are the total number of positions on the toronto team in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the nationality of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what are the nationality of the players on the val0 school / club team ? end 
PD: start what school / club team did val0 play for ? end 
GT: start what school / club team is val0 on ? end 
PD: start what is the time of the val0 ? end 
GT: start when did val0 stop being a g8 leader ? end 
PD: start what is the office when the assumed office is val0 ? end 
GT: start when did the val0 take office ? end 
PD: start what is the official levels in val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the english name of the country whose official native language is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 2000 - 49 for the val0 urban sub - production ? end 
GT: start what official or native languages are spoken in the country whose capital city is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the international tourist arrivals(2010 )   with   international tourism expenditure ( s$m )   being val0 end 
GT: start what is the local name given to the city of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the international tourist arrivals(2010 )   with   international passengers   being val0 end 
GT: start what is the local name given to the capital of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the international tourist arrivals(2010 )   with   international tourism expenditure ( s$m )   being val0 end 
GT: start what is the english name given to the city of val0 ? end 
PD: start how many people live in the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many capital cities does val0 have ? end 
PD: start what is the original air date for production code val0 ? end 
GT: start the episode with production code val0 was originally aired on what date ? end 
PD: start what is the production code for episode val0 in the series ? end 
GT: start what is the episode number that has production code val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the fewest number of games played for the club that had val0 losses ? end 
GT: start name the minimum tiesplayed for val0 years end 
PD: start what is the enrollment ration in the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the amount of trees , that require replacement when prevailing types , % is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the dominate religion in val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the amount of trees , that require replacement when district is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the height of the player with a revenue of val0 and a revenue less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the district when the total amount of trees is smaller than val0 and amount of old trees is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the dominate religion in val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the amount of trees , that require replacement when the district is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest number of the in the val0 district ?   end 
GT: start what is the total amount of trees when district is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the dominate religion in the val0 district ? end 
GT: start what is the district when prevailing types , % is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the innings when the maidens is val0 ? end 
GT: start when the value of " val0 " is synonymous with its ' category , what are the in ames values ? end 
PD: start what is the away team for the val0 season ? end 
GT: start what 's the   u.s . open cup status   for regular season   of val0   end 
PD: start what is the division in the val0 division in val1 ? end 
GT: start how many division   val0 for u.s . open cup in val1 end 
PD: start what is the playoffs with a val0 playoffs ? end 
GT: start which round is u.s . open cup val0 end 
Batch 1 | Validation Loss 5.913356
PD: start what is the playoffs of the season with a regular season vacated of val0 ? end 
GT: start what are all the playoffs for regular season is val0 end 
PD: start what is the playoffs with a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start what are all the playoffs for u.s . open cup in val0 end 
PD: start how many times is the 1st leg score val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of   2nd leg   where   aggregate   is val0 end 
PD: start what was the 1st leg score for the match with a score of val0 ? end 
GT: start   what 's the   aggregate   where   1st leg   is val0 end 
PD: start what is the competition when the 2007–08 is val0 ? end 
GT: start   what 's the   competition   where   aggregate   is val0 end 
PD: start what was the 1st 1st leg score for the val0 ? end 
GT: start   what 's the   competition   where   1st leg   is val0 end 
PD: start how many rounds were opponents for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of   round   where   opponents   is val0 end 
PD: start what was the 1st leg score for the match with val0 as opponents ? end 
GT: start   what 's the   1st leg   where   opponents   is val0 end 
PD: start what is the pole position for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest rd that val0 had the pole position in ? end 
PD: start how many fastest lap were there for the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many winning drivers were there in the race that had a fastest lap time of val0 ? end 
PD: start how many pole position was there for the val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start how many reports are there in the race that val0 won and val1 had the pole position in ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which rd took place at the val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the winning driver for the val0 ? end 
GT: start which teams won when val0 was their winning driver ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the fastest lap in val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the fastest lap time in the val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the winning team for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what report was there for the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the circuit for val0 ? end 
GT: start what rnds were there for the val0 ? end 
PD: start who had the pole position for the val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the pole position for the rnd equalling val0 ? end 
PD: start how many dates was the val0 circuit ? end 
GT: start how many reports were the for the val0 circut ? end 
PD: start how many times did val0 win ? end 
GT: start how many winning drivers were the for the rnd equalling val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest position for val0 ? end 
GT: start the race val0 has what smallest rd ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start the winning team of the race , val0 is who ? end 
PD: start how many times is the val0 val0 ? end 
GT: start how many winning drivers in the val0 race were there ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the race that val0 is the winning driver ? end 
GT: start what are the races that val0 has won ? end 
PD: start how many races did val0 have ? end 
GT: start how many fastest laps were there for a rd that equals val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the region for the val0 region ? end 
GT: start what is the license award date for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the % change in the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the percentage of growth in 2000 - 2008 in val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times is the % change ( val0 ? end 
GT: start name the total number of percentage growth 2000 - 2008 of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the largest amount of employees from val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the maximum percentage grown 2000 - 2008 in val0 end 
PD: start what is the slovenian name for the village that has a village ( german ) of val0 ? end 
GT: start provide me with the names of all the villages ( german ) that has val0 of slovenes in 1951 . end 
PD: start what is the lowest 1985 growth in 1991 - 2001 in 1991 of val0 ? end 
GT: start give me the minimum number of people in 1991 with val0 of slovenes in 1991 . end 
PD: start what is the slovenian name for the village that has a village ( german ) of val0 ? end 
GT: start provide me with the name of all the village ( german ) that are part of the village ( slovenian ) with val0 .   end 
PD: start what is the slovenian name for the village that has a village ( german ) of val0 ? end 
GT: start provide me with the name of all the village ( german ) that are part of the village ( slovenian ) with val0 . end 
Batch 2 | Validation Loss 5.877511
PD: start what is the slovenian name for the village that has a village ( german ) of val0 ? end 
GT: start provide me with the name of the village ( german ) where there is val0 slovenes in 1951 .   end 
PD: start what is the slovenian name for the village that has a village ( german ) of val0 ? end 
GT: start provide with the names of the village ( german ) that is part of village ( slovenian ) with val0 . end 
PD: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score of the game on val0 ? end 
PD: start who had the high assists when the team was val0 ? end 
GT: start who had high assists when they played against val0 ? end 
PD: start who had the high points when the game was played in the val0 ? end 
GT: start who scored the most points in game val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the location attendance for the val0 game ? end 
GT: start where was the game on val0 ? end 
PD: start how many episodes were val0 performer val0 ? end 
GT: start the canadian airdate of val0 applied to what series number ? end 
PD: start what is the production code for the episode that aired on val0 ? end 
GT: start the u.s . airdate of val0 had a production code of what ? end 
PD: start what is the most series numbers for val0 ? end 
GT: start the episode titled val0 was what highest number of the season ? end 
PD: start what is the original air date of the u.s . viewers is val0 ? end 
GT: start the u.s . airdate of val0 also had canadian airdates of what ? end 
PD: start how many episodes were val0 performer val0 ? end 
GT: start the canadian airdate of val0 had how many numbers in the season ? end 
PD: start what is the title of the episode that aired on val0 ? end 
GT: start for the episode(s ) aired in the u.s . on val0 , what were the names ? end 
PD: start who directed the episode val0 ? end 
GT: start who directed the episode val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the college of the player from pba team val0 ? end 
GT: start which player from the 2004 cfl draft attended val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what position does val0 play ? end 
PD: start what is the highest pick # , when college is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the pick number for val0 college ? end 
PD: start how many people were in mt morgan when the population was val0 ? end 
GT: start how many foreigners in percentage terms had a population of val0 ? end 
PD: start how many districts have val0 as the commercial section , and the administrative panel is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the number of the city district of stadtteil where foreigners are val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the governors 1950 when the val0 council ? end 
GT: start what is the city where the number is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the league for the val0 league ? end 
GT: start which leagues have val0 as their mascot ? end 
PD: start what league is val0 in ? end 
GT: start which leagues is the val0 school in ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the val0 home ? end 
GT: start what city and state is the val0 mascot located ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the val0 home ? end 
GT: start what city and state are the val0 located in ? end 
PD: start what is the mascot of the val0 school in val1 ? end 
GT: start which school has the val0 as their mascot ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 tournament ? end 
GT: start where was the tournament dated val0 ? end 
PD: start what was juli 's margin of victory on val0 ? end 
GT: start where is the margin of victory dated val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the to par for the val0 with a val1 place ? end 
GT: start what is the to par dated val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the game with a val0 of val0 on val1 ? end 
GT: start what date were the runner ups val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times is the artist val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the total number of   final epbeingode count   with   character   being val0 end 
PD: start what is the soap opera when the actor is val0 ? end 
GT: start what are all the actor where first episode is val0 end 
PD: start what is the name of the episode in the val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the   character   with   fate   being val0 end 
PD: start how many episodes were titled val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the total number of   final epbeingode count   with   first epbeingode   being val0 end 
Batch 3 | Validation Loss 6.293995
PD: start what is the soap opera when the actor is val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the   actor   with   character   being val0 end 
PD: start what is the musical guest and the musical guest and the musical ? end 
GT: start what 's the   first epbeingode   with   final epbeingode   being val0 end 
PD: start what is the 1st place team for the val0 ? end 
GT: start which team was the second semi finalist in val0 ? end 
PD: start how many years was the 1st runner - up val0 and the 4th runner - up was val1 ? end 
GT: start how many teams were listed as runner up in val1 and there the first semi finalist was val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the 1st venue when the score was val0 ? end 
GT: start list the scores of all games when val0 were listed as the first semi finalist end 
PD: start who was the runner - up for the val0 ? end 
GT: start when val0 made it to the first semi finalist slot , list all the runners up . end 
PD: start what is the location of the school established in val0 ? end 
GT: start where was the final game played in val0 end 
PD: start what is the total number of laps for val0 , poles of val1 , and pole position of val2 ? end 
GT: start which round had val0 in the pole position , val1 with the fastest lap , and val2 as the winning constructor ? end 
PD: start how many races were in the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many drivers won the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the report for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the report of the val0 ? end 
PD: start who had the fastest lap in the val0 ? end 
GT: start who had the fastest lap in the val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the vacator when the successor was val0 ? end 
GT: start when was the date successor seated when the vacator was val0 ? end 
PD: start who was lieutenant on the val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the successor when the vacator was val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the successor for the val0 district ? end 
GT: start when was the successor seated when the district was val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the vacator when the successor was val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the vacator when the date successor seated was val0 ? end 
PD: start what district is val0 assigned ? end 
GT: start what was the district when the reason for change was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which routes have   " val0 " listed in their remarks section ? end 
PD: start what is the largest number of spikes for the val0 ? end 
GT: start which junctions have " val0 " listed in their remarks section ? end 
PD: start how many mileposts are there for the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many junctions have " val0 " listed in their remarks section ? end 
PD: start what is the length of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what unit of length is being used for the route with " val0 " in their remarks section ? end 
PD: start what is the population of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which population areas have " val0 " listed in their remarks section ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of deaths in the val0 in the val1 industry and the forbes val2 ? end 
GT: start how many termini are there that have " val0 " listed in their direction section , " val1 " listed in their junction section , and have a route name of " val2 " ? end 
PD: start what is the kickoff time for the val0 with a val1 of val0 ? end 
GT: start give me the kickoff time of the game that was aired on val0 against the val1 .   end 
PD: start what was the result of the game when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start find all the result(s ) with the record of val0 . end 
PD: start what is the total when the parallel bars score is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the vault score for the total of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total when the t score is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total score when the score for floor exercise was val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the runner up when the margin of val0 ? end 
GT: start   what 's the   margin   where   runner(s)-up   is val0 end 
PD: start what is the space margin when the next is val0 and the margin is val1 ? end 
GT: start   who is the   runner(s)-up   where   54 holes   is val0 and   margin   is val1 end 
PD: start what is the finish when the championship is val0 and the championship is val1 ? end 
GT: start   what 's the   championship   where   54 holes   is val0 and   runner(s)-up   is val1 end 
PD: start what is the lowest year with a winning score of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the minimum   year   where   winning score   is val0 end 
PD: start what was the winning score of the val0 ? end 
GT: start   what 's the   championship   where   winning score   is val0 end 
PD: start what was the final score of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start   what 's the   54 holes   where   winning score   is val0 end 
Batch 4 | Validation Loss 7.084489
PD: start what is the original air date of the episode titled val0 ? end 
GT: start   what 's the   title   where   original air date   is val0 end 
PD: start who wrote the episode that aired on val0 ? end 
GT: start   what 's the   original air date   where   written by   is val0 end 
PD: start what is the target of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which allied force targetted val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the latitude when the longitude is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the allied target code of the group that targetted val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the date of entry for the val0 chart ? end 
PD: start how many times is the jewel val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the total number of weeks on peak for the val0 chart ? end 
PD: start what is the status of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the exit date for the val0 chart ? end 
PD: start how many 1391 carelia where 1398 donnera is val0 end 
GT: start what is the total number of   constancy   where   purity   is val0 end 
PD: start what is the methyl red reading for val0 ? end 
GT: start   what 's the   permanence of the body   where   purity   is val0 end 
PD: start what is the methyl red reading for val0 ? end 
GT: start   what 's the   permanence of the body   where   purity   is val0 end 
PD: start what is the methyl red reading for val0 ? end 
GT: start   what 's the   permanence of the body   where   penance   is val0 end 
PD: start what virtue is val0(latin ) when the val0 ( webm ) is val0 ? end 
GT: start   what 's the   constancy   where   permanence of the body   is val0 end 
PD: start what virtue is val0(latin ) when the val0 ( webm ) is val0 ? end 
GT: start   what 's the   permanence of the body   where   constancy   is val0 end 
PD: start what is the original air date of the episode titled val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the original air dates for the title val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the production code for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the title of the episode with the production code val0 ? end 
PD: start who wrote the episode that aired on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the original air date of the episode written by val0 ? end 
PD: start how many military deaths were there in the val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the total number of   species in the peruvian amazon   with   val0 species in the world    end 
PD: start what is the sipe sipe sipe amount of val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the minimum   species in the peruvian amazon   with   taxonomy   val0 end 
PD: start what is the central force for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the   species in the world   with   peruvian amazon vs. peru ( percent )    of val0 end 
PD: start what is the sipe sipe sipe amount of val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the minimum   species in the peruvian amazon   with   species in peru   of val0 end 
PD: start what is the minimum   total when the total is val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the minimum   species in the peruvian amazon   with   peru vs. world ( percent )   value of val0 end 
PD: start what is the maximum   total when the death/2012 is val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the maximum   peru vs. world ( percent )   with   val0 species in the world    end 
PD: start what is the position of the val0 player who is from the val1 ? end 
GT: start what school did the val1 whose number is val0 belong to ? end 
PD: start what is the height for the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the height of the player who attended val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the school of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what years did the player from val0 play for the rockets ? end 
PD: start what is the height for the val0 , and the position is val1 ? end 
GT: start what position is number val1 whose height is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the player from orlando for val0 ? end 
GT: start which player who played for the rockets for the years val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the number of the player who went to val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the height for the player val0 ? end 
GT: start how tall is the player val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the outgoing manager when the was the val0 ? end 
GT: start who was sent to the third island in week val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the time of the match that had val0 in week ? end 
GT: start what week was the member who arrived on the main island in week val0 sent to the third island ? end 
PD: start how many times is the val0 val0 ? end 
GT: start how many members arrived on the main island in week val0 ? end 
Batch 5 | Validation Loss 5.551262
PD: start what is the theme when the week is val0 and the week is val1 ? end 
GT: start what week did the member who 's original tribe was val0 and who was sent to the third island on week val1 arrive on the main island ? end 
PD: start what is the country for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the number of sikhs in val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the evening gown score for the contestant who had val0 evening gown score of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the evening gown score when the swimsuit was val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the evening gown score for the semifinal score of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the swimsuit score when the interview was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average of the contestant who had val0 as the interview and preliminary score of val1 ? end 
GT: start which country had an interview score of val0 and average of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the swimsuit score for the contestant from val0 ? end 
GT: start which country had the swimsuit score val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average preliminaries score when the semifinal average is val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the average for the country with the swimsuit score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the swimsuit score from val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the interview score for val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the date of game val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the date of game val0 ? end 
PD: start who had the high points when the game was played in the val0 ? end 
GT: start who scored the most points in game val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times is the val0 val0 ? end 
GT: start name the number of teams at the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the location and attendance of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the team located at val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start what are all the records with a score is val0 end 
PD: start what was the score of the game when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start what records have a score of val0 end 
PD: start what was the record when the visitor was val0 ? end 
GT: start who are all the visitor with a record of val0 end 
PD: start who was the leading scorer when the val0 were the visitors ? end 
GT: start which visitors have a leading scorer of val0 end 
PD: start how many leading scorers were there on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of dates where the scorer is val0 end 
PD: start what was the division record when the streak were val0 and the streak scored val1 ? end 
GT: start   what 's the   home   team where   streak   is val0 and   leading scorer   is val1 end 
PD: start what was the score of the game that had an attendance of val0 ? end 
GT: start   what 's the   attendance   where   score   is val0 end 
PD: start how many people were in the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of   date   where   visitor   is val0 end 
PD: start who was the leading scorer when the val0 were the home ? end 
GT: start   who is the   leading scorer   where   home   is val0 end 
PD: start what was the score of the game when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start   what 's the   score   where   record   is val0 end 
PD: start what is the total number of matches with a record of val0 , and neutral losses of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of   record   where   streak   is val0 and   leading scorer   is val1 end 
PD: start what is the location attendance on val0 ? end 
GT: start name the location on val0 end 
PD: start how many games were played on val0 ? end 
GT: start name the number of games on val0 end 
PD: start what was the series of the game on val0 ? end 
GT: start name the series on val0 end 
PD: start who wrote episode val0 in the series ? end 
GT: start who were the authors of series episode # val0 ? end 
PD: start who wrote episode val0 in the series ? end 
GT: start what season features writer val0 ? end 
PD: start who wrote the episode that aired on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the date of the episode written by val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the most series numbers for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the season where the episode val0 was shown ? end 
PD: start what is the year for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the somerset for the   year val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the manager who played val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the bristol & n. som where the somerset is val0 ? end 
Batch 6 | Validation Loss 6.092184
PD: start what is the largest year for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the latest year where glos & wilts is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the methyl red reading for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the glos & wilts where the bristol & somerset is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 1976 year for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the year where glos & wilts is val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times did val0 participate in ? end 
GT: start who many times is gloucestershire is val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the evening gown score for the contestant who had val0 evening gown score of val0 ? end 
GT: start   what 's the   preliminaries   where   evening gown   is val0 end 
PD: start what is the average preliminaries score when the semifinal average is val0 ? end 
GT: start   what 's the   swimsuit   where   average   is val0 end 
PD: start what was the evening gown score for the contestant who had val0 evening gown score of val0 ? end 
GT: start   what 's the   evening gown   where   preliminaries   is val0 end 
PD: start what state is val0 from ? end 
GT: start   what 's the   preliminaries   where   state   is val0 end 
PD: start what state is val0 in ? end 
GT: start   what 's the   evening gown   where   state   is val0 end 
PD: start what is the average preliminary when evening gown score is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of   average   where   evening gown   is val0 end 
PD: start who won the mens singles when the womens doubles was val0 ? end 
GT: start name the men 's singles of val0 end 
PD: start who won the mens doubles when val0 won the womens singles ? end 
GT: start what are the womens singles of val0 ? end 
PD: start who won the womens doubles when val0 won the womens singles ? end 
GT: start what are the womens singles of val0 ? end 
PD: start who won the mixed doubles in the same year that val0 won the women 's singles ? end 
GT: start what is the womens singles of val0 ? end 
PD: start who won the mens singles in val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the mens singles of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the gdp ( ppp ) , when population ( 2007 ) is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the gdp ( bn ) where val0 is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the population of buddhist associated with val0 population of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the population where the val0 is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the conserved number when the netflow version is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the toll for light vehicles at the plaza where the toll for heavy vehicles with 2 axles is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the element is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the plaza where the toll for heavy vehicles with 2 axles is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the length / fuel of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the toll for heavy vehicles with 3/4 axles at val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the location of the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the craft used at val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the toll for light vehicles at the plaza val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the element is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the plaza where the told for heavy vehicles with 2 axles is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the fuel propulsion when the fleet size is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the inclination when the alt name is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest capacity ( mhz ) of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the maximum apogee for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest capacity for val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the maximum perigee on val0 ? end 
PD: start how many numbers were listed under numbers when the was val0 ? end 
GT: start how many alt names does val0 have ? end 
PD: start who is the captain of the shortstop when the shortstop was val0 ? end 
GT: start who played ss when val0 played 1st base ? end 
PD: start who is the gagarin kennel club toy group with third as val0 ? end 
GT: start who played 2nd base when val0 was at 1st base ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player with a val0 g.a ? end 
GT: start who was the rf when the sp was val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the shortstop when the shortstop was val0 , the shortstop was val1 , and the shortstop of val1 ? end 
GT: start who was the ss when val0 was at 2nd , val1 at cf , and val2 was the sp . end 
PD: start what is the points when the points is val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the top scorer where gf is val0 ? end 
Batch 7 | Validation Loss 4.826948
PD: start what is the goals for when the goals against is val0 ? end 
GT: start how many goals were scored in the val0 season ? end 
PD: start how many rankings were there for the season finale ? end 
GT: start how many seasons had a rank of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the rank of the player with a u-17 of val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the manager whose rank is val0 ? end 
PD: start how many ranks are named val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the rank of manager val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the original artist of the character val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the order number of the song originally performed by val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the result of episode val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the result of the val0 episode ? end 
PD: start how many themes did val0 have ? end 
GT: start what 's the total number of songs originally performed by val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the original artist of the artist val0 ? end 
GT: start which one of the songs was originally performed by val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the original artist of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the original artist of the song performed in the val0 episode ? end 
PD: start what is the election date for the candidate val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the # of seats one for the election in val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times was presidential majority 2000/2004 recorded when the percentage of votes was val0 ? end 
GT: start how many times was the # of total votes val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the election date for the candidate val0 ? end 
GT: start what year was the election when the # of seats won was val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times was presidential majority 2000/2004 when the candidate was val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the election year when the # of candidates nominated was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest number of seats ? end 
GT: start what was the lowest # of total votes ? end 
PD: start what is the strongs # for the val0 order ? end 
GT: start what is the strongs words compounded when the english spelling is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the strongs word for the val0 gloss ? end 
GT: start what is the strong words compounded when the strongs transliteration is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the abbr for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the english spelling of the word that has the strongs trasliteration of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the strongs # for the val0 order ? end 
GT: start what is the strongs # of the english spelling word val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sanskrit word for the strongs transliteration val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the strongs transliteration of the hebrew word val0 ? end 
PD: start how many hebrew have an english abbr of val0 ? end 
GT: start how many strongs transliteration of the english spelling of the work val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the arena in val0 ? end 
GT: start val0 is the main town in what ds division ? end 
PD: start who was the head coach for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what ds division has val0 as the divisional secretary ? end 
PD: start who was the head coach for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the ds division where the divisional secretary is val0 ? end 
PD: start how many states was the population val0 ? end 
GT: start how many figures are given for the region 's total in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest population of stanthorpe in 2011 ? end 
GT: start what was the smallest population figure for mareeba ? end 
PD: start how many u.s . views were there for the epidosde titled val0 ? end 
GT: start how many millions of u.s . viewers watched the episode val0 ?   end 
PD: start how many episodes were titled val0 ? end 
GT: start how many episodes were watched by val0 million u.s . viewers ? end 
PD: start who directed the episode that had val0 million viewers and there were val0 million u.s . ? end 
GT: start how many millions of u.s . viewers watched the episode directed by val0 and written by val1 ? end 
PD: start how many clubs are listed under matches when the team whose shirt sponsor is val0 ? end 
GT: start how many persons had immunity in the episode when val0 was eliminated ? end 
PD: start who is the featuring for the series val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the episode in which val0 is eliminated ? end 
PD: start what is the vote percentage when the air date is val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the vote tally on the episode aired val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the finish of the val0 ? end 
GT: start who received the reward on the episode where the finish was " val0 " ? end 
Batch 8 | Validation Loss 6.342100
PD: start what is the percentage of votes for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the vote on the episode where the finish was " val0 " ? end 
PD: start how many times was hancock win the election ? end 
GT: start how many votes were taken when the outcome was " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the truncating vowel final stem for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the short stem for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the truncating vowel final stem that has val0 as the animal ? end 
GT: start what is the perfect stem for val0 ? end 
PD: start how many bullet pct . , when initial - - period is val0 ? end 
GT: start name the perfect stem for val0 end 
PD: start how many times is the same meaning val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the number for future stem for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the try bonus for the club with val0 points against ? end 
GT: start name the try bonus of points against at val0 end 
PD: start what is the points for when the points is val0 ? end 
GT: start name the losing bonus of val0 points end 
PD: start what is the points against when the points against is val0 ? end 
GT: start name the points against for val0 points end 
PD: start what is the points when tries against is val0 ? end 
GT: start name the tries against for val0 points end 
PD: start how many draws for val0 tries against ? end 
GT: start name the tries against for val0 end 
PD: start what is the tries for when the tries for is val0 ? end 
GT: start name the losing bonus for val0 end 
PD: start what is the muzzle device with a val0 max pressure ? end 
GT: start what is the rear sight in the cole model no . val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the muzzle device with a val0 of val0 , a name of val1 , and a name of val2 ? end 
GT: start what are the colt model numbers of the models named val3 , with val0 bayonet lug , val0 case deflector and stock of val1 ?   end 
PD: start what is the muzzle device with a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the type of muzzle devices on the models with val0 hand guards ? end 
PD: start who was the winning team when the gto winning team was val0 ? end 
GT: start clubs involved is val0 , what number would you find from winners from previous round ? end 
PD: start what is the round when the round is val0 ? end 
GT: start from the round name of val0 ; what would the new entries this round that would be found ? end 
PD: start how many clubs are involved for the val0 ? end 
GT: start when looking at new entries this round and seeing val0 ; what number in total is there for clubs remaining ? end 
PD: start what was the winning team that had val0 position in val1 ? end 
GT: start during the val0 portion of phase and having val1 clubs involved ; what would you find for the winners from previous round ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the val0 ? end 
GT: start the new entries this round was shown to be val0 , in which phase would you find this ? end 
PD: start what is the original title of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what country submitted val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the film title used in nomination for val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the title of the movie from val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the film title used in nomination for val0 ? end 
GT: start what country submitted the movie val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest season for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what year did val0 have their first season ? end 
PD: start what is the mascot of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what football stadium has a school enrollment of val0 ? end 
PD: start how many teams were closed when the val0 were played ? end 
GT: start how many endowments does val0 have ? end 
PD: start what is the largest enrollment for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the enrollment for val0 ? end 
PD: start how many providers were founded in val0 ? end 
GT: start how many cities have an enrollment of val0 ? end 
PD: start how many points did val0 score ? end 
GT: start name the number of points for val0 end 
PD: start what is the player with a val0 g.a ? end 
GT: start how many dismissals did the player val0 have ? end 
PD: start what is the maximum   of w   for player   val0 end 
GT: start how many stumpings did the player val0 have ? end 
PD: start what is the rank for the val0 ? end 
GT: start list the ranks of all dismissals with a value of val0 end 
Batch 9 | Validation Loss 4.961548
PD: start how many runs were there when tackles is val0 and bowler val1 ? end 
GT: start how many innings had a total of valval1 catches and val1 stumpings ? end 
PD: start what is the district with val0 as the incumbent ? end 
GT: start in what district was the incumbent val0 ?   end 
PD: start what is the party affiliation of the val0 ? end 
GT: start incumbent val0 was a member of what party ?   end 
PD: start who is the candidate in the val0 district ? end 
GT: start who were the candidates in the election where val0 was the incumbent ? end 
PD: start what party does val0 affiliate ? end 
GT: start what party does val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the election in the val0 district ?   end 
GT: start what were the results for incumbent val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times was the candidates val0 ? end 
GT: start how many candidates were elected first in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the district for the incumbent val0 ? end 
GT: start what district does val0 represent ? end 
PD: start what is the district for the incumbent val0 ? end 
GT: start what district was val0 elected in ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the election in the val0 district ?   end 
GT: start what was the result in val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the candidate in the val0 district ? end 
GT: start who were the candidates in the district where val0 won ? end 
PD: start how many times was the incumbent val0 ? end 
GT: start how many times did incumbent val0 get elected ? end 
PD: start what is the district for the incumbent val0 ? end 
GT: start what district is val0 from ? end 
PD: start what is the district for the incumbent val0 ? end 
GT: start what district is val0 from ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest number of candidates for val0 ? end 
GT: start what year was incumbent val0 first elected ? end 
PD: start what was the status in the val0 district ? end 
GT: start what was the result of the election of val0 end 
PD: start what is the district with val0 as the incumbent ? end 
GT: start what districts does incumbent val0 hold ? end 
PD: start who is the gagarin kennel for the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many champions were there when the first driver was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the race winer of the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many entries are there for total drivers when the last driver for september 22 , 2013 was val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the gagarin kennel for the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many champions were there when the last driver for september 22 , 2013 was val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times is the track val0 ? end 
GT: start how many entries are there for first driver for val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the gagarin kennel for the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many champions were there when the last driver was val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the candidate in the val0 district ? end 
GT: start name the candidates for val0 end 
PD: start what is the party for the val0 district ? end 
GT: start name the party of val0 end 
PD: start what party does val0 affiliate ? end 
GT: start name the party for val0 end 
PD: start what is the district for the incumbent val0 ? end 
GT: start name the districk for val0 end 
PD: start what was the result for the val0 district ? end 
GT: start what 's the   result   with   district being val0 end 
PD: start what was the result for the val0 district ? end 
GT: start what 's the   district with   result   being val0 end 
PD: start how many times was the result val0 ? end 
GT: start   how many   candidates   with   result   being val0 end 
PD: start how many times was the result val0 ? end 
GT: start   how many   result   with   district being val0 end 
PD: start what is the district for the incumbent val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the   first elected   with   district   being val0 end 
PD: start who is the candidate in the val0 district ? end 
GT: start who is the the   candidates   with   incumbent   being val0 end 
Batch 10 | Validation Loss 3.646205
PD: start how many times was the candidates val0 ? end 
GT: start how many candidates were first elected in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the party for the candidates val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the party with the candidates val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest first elected , when district is " val0 " ? end 
GT: start what is the earliest first elected for district val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times was the candidates val0 ? end 
GT: start how many parties were for candidates val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times was the incumbent val0 ? end 
GT: start how many incumbents were for district val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the district with val0 as the incumbent ? end 
GT: start name the district for val0 end 
PD: start how many times was the candidates val0 ? end 
GT: start name the number of first elected for val0 end 
PD: start what is the party for the incumbent val0 ? end 
GT: start name the party for val0 end 
PD: start who is the candidate in the val0 district ? end 
GT: start name the candidates for val0 end 
PD: start who is the incumbent in the val0 district ? end 
GT: start name the first elected for val0 end 
PD: start how many times was the candidates val0 ? end 
GT: start name the total number of incumbent for first elected of val0 end 
PD: start how many times was the candidates val0 ? end 
GT: start how many incumbents come from val0 's district ? end 
PD: start who is the candidate in the val0 district ? end 
GT: start who were the candidates in the val0 voting district ? end 
PD: start how many times was the candidates val0 ? end 
GT: start how many times was incumbent val0 first elected ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the election in the val0 district ?   end 
GT: start what was the result in the voting district val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the election in the val0 district ?   end 
GT: start what was the result of the election incumbent val0 took place in ? end 
PD: start what is the party for the val0 district ? end 
GT: start which party won in the election in voting district val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the party where the incumbent is val0 and the incumbent is val1 ? end 
GT: start list all candidates in the val0 party where the election had the incumbent val1 running . end 
PD: start what district is val0 from ? end 
GT: start which district is val0 from ? end 
PD: start who is the candidate in the val0 district ? end 
GT: start what candidates are from val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the incumbent in the val0 district ? end 
GT: start what is the incumbent from val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the election in the val0 district ?   end 
GT: start what is the result for val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times was the candidates val0 ? end 
GT: start how many were first elected in the val0 district ? end 
PD: start how many times was the incumbent val0 ? end 
GT: start how many districts had val0 as the incumbent ? end 
PD: start what is the party of the representative in those politicians in the val0 ? end 
GT: start which party has a first elected number bigger than val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times was the incumbent val0 ? end 
GT: start how many incumbents had a district of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the party where the district is val0 ? end 
GT: start what party did the incumbent from the val0 district belong to ?   end 
PD: start what is the party where the district is val0 ? end 
GT: start what party did the incumbent of the val0 district belong to ?   end 
PD: start what is the lowest first elected ? end 
GT: start what is the earliest years any of the incumbents were first elected ?   end 
PD: start what is the party affiliation of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what party did incumbent val0 belong to ?   end 
PD: start what is the party where the district is val0 ? end 
GT: start what kind of party is the district in val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the election in the val0 district ?   end 
GT: start how many in val0 results were elected first ? end 
Batch 11 | Validation Loss 3.940206
PD: start how many times was the result val0 ? end 
GT: start how many in total were elected first in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the district for val0 ? end 
GT: start in what district was val0 the incumbent ?   end 
PD: start how many times was the incumbent val0 ? end 
GT: start in how many districts was the incumbent val0 ?   end 
PD: start who is the incumbent in the val0 district ? end 
GT: start what year was incumbent val0 first elected ?   end 
PD: start who is the candidate in the val0 district ? end 
GT: start who ran in the election where val0 was the incumbent ?   end 
PD: start what was the result of the election in the val0 district ?   end 
GT: start what is the result for val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the candidate in the val0 district ? end 
GT: start name the candidate for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the party where the district is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the party for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the party where the district is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the party for val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the result for the val0 district ? end 
GT: start what is the result for val0 ? end 
PD: start what district is val0 from ? end 
GT: start what 's the   district with   incumbent   being val0 end 
PD: start what is the party where the district is val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the   districtwith   party   being val0 end 
PD: start who is the candidate in the val0 district ? end 
GT: start what 's the   district with   candidates   being val0 end 
PD: start how many times was the candidates val0 ? end 
GT: start   how many   candidates   with   district being val0 end 
PD: start what is the party affiliation of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the   party   with   incumbent   being val0 end 
PD: start what was the result of the election in the val0 district ?   end 
GT: start what was the result of the election featuring val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times was the result val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of results where the district is val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the candidate in the val0 district ? end 
GT: start who is the candidate in district val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the incumbent in the val0 district ? end 
GT: start what year was val0 first elected ? end 
PD: start what is the party affiliation of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what political party for val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times was the sabres record val0 ? end 
GT: start how many locations have a record of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the title of episode val0 in the season ? end 
GT: start what number episode in the season is val0 ? end 
PD: start who wrote the episode that had val0 million u.s . viewers ? end 
GT: start who wrote the episode that received val0 million u.s . viewers ? end 
PD: start who directed the episode that aired on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the original air date of the episode directed by val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ship ? end 
GT: start which launch date involved the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the median household income in val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the median household income of val0 ? end 
PD: start what county has a median family income of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the per capita income of val0 ? end 
PD: start what county has val0 as the capital ? end 
GT: start name the median family income for val0 end 
PD: start what is the median household income in val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the median household income of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the club when the points against is val0 ? end 
GT: start what club got val0 points against ? end 
PD: start what is the lost when the points is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the value of the points column when the value of the column val0 is " val0 " end 
PD: start what is the tries against for the val0 with val0 tries against ? end 
GT: start how many tries against got the club with val0 tries for ? end 
Batch 12 | Validation Loss 5.126001
PD: start what is the intermediate sprints classification when the net prize is val0 ? end 
GT: start what group info is available for the val0 kg weight ? end 
PD: start what is the result for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the result for the val0 race ? end 
PD: start what district is val0 from ? end 
GT: start what district is incument val0 from ? end 
PD: start how many times was the candidates val0 ? end 
GT: start how many times was incumbent val0 elected ? end 
PD: start how many districts have val0 constituents ? end 
GT: start how many election results are there from the val0 district ? end 
PD: start what is the maximum   elected   with   district being val0 end 
GT: start what was the last year someone was elected to the val0 district ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game against val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score against val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times was the record val0 ? end 
GT: start how many games did the team play when they were val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the team for game val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the opposing team for game val0 ? end 
PD: start how many games were numbered val0 ? end 
GT: start how many games were played when the record was val0 ? end 
PD: start how many high assists were there for the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many people had the high assists val0 ? end 
PD: start who had the high rebounds when the team was val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the high rebounder against val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the location and attendance of the val0 ? end 
GT: start where did the team play and what was the attendance against val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the location and attendance on val0 ? end 
GT: start what day was the attendance at the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the specification meaning for the val0 meaning ? end 
GT: start what 's the   turing complete   with   numeral system   being val0 end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the   computing mechanbeingm   with   name   being val0 end 
PD: start what is the real name of the person who is val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the   name   with   first operational   being val0 end 
PD: start what is the external weapon for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the   computing mechanbeingm   with   first operational   being val0 end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the   turing complete   with   name   being val0 end 
PD: start what is the aspect of the val0 content ? end 
GT: start what 's the   first operational   with   programming   being val0 end 
PD: start what is the semifinal rank of the unit with val0 ? end 
GT: start what country has a val0 mark for security ? end 
PD: start how many ranks have an interview - side of val0 ? end 
GT: start how many times is val0 ranked in technology ? end 
PD: start what is the total points for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the environment rating of the country with an overall average rating of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the imperial equivalent of the unit that was closed on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the migration rating when trade is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of points ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest pf ? end 
PD: start what is the value of the for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the pa when the skip is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of ends won for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the minimum pa when ends lost is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the value for tackles for the player with val0 drop of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the pa when the pf is val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times was the shot pct . val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of ends won when the locale is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average for the val0 bonus ? end 
GT: start what 's the   won   with   try bonus   being val0 end 
PD: start what is the club when the 2007–08 is val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the   club   with   losing bonus   being val0 end 
PD: start how many points for val0 when the points were val1 ? end 
GT: start   how many   losing bonus   with   won   being val0 and   points against   being val1 end 
Batch 13 | Validation Loss 5.092250
PD: start how many points against has a losing bonus of val0 ? end 
GT: start   how many   points against   with   tries for   being val0 end 
PD: start what is the tries for when the points is val0 and the tries for is val1 ? end 
GT: start what 's the   points   with   tries for   being val0 end 
PD: start what is the points won when the points against is val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the   won   with   points against   being val0 end 
PD: start what is the type of the val0 with a type of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the type of the player whose transfer fee was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the country for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the eu status of val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times is the val0 val0 and the points+ is val1 ? end 
GT: start how many numbers are ending in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the artist for the song val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the nme of the song performed by val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest position for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is highest place reached by artist val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the artist for the series song title val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the title of the song that received val0 points ? end 
PD: start what is the largest mass(kg total ? end 
GT: start how heavy is the   maximum end 
PD: start how many foundation dates are there for the val0 television service ? end 
GT: start how many channels were gained in val0 end 
PD: start how many foundation dates are there for the val0 ? end 
GT: start how any were gained as the val0 end 
PD: start what is the lowest official levels for the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many is the minimum for val0 end 
PD: start what is the city of license for val0 ? end 
GT: start where is val0 located end 
PD: start what is the city of license for val0 ? end 
GT: start which station is located in val0 end 
PD: start what is the outcome of the val0 tournament ? end 
GT: start what was the outcome for the match in val0 ? end 
PD: start how many locations logged are there for the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many locations hosted val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the , when opponent is val0 ? end 
GT: start who were all of the opponents in val0 ? end 
PD: start how many people were in the val0 in the val1 ? end 
GT: start how many partners were there in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the height of the player who is val0 ? end 
GT: start how tall is val0 ?   end 
PD: start what is the position of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is val0 's position ?   end 
PD: start what is the position of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is val0 's position ?   end 
PD: start how many positions did val0 play ? end 
GT: start how many position does val0 play on ?   end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of points scored for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the minimum   points   with   goals for / against   being val0 end 
PD: start what is the position of the val0 player with a w - l of val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the   w - l - d   with   position   being val0 end 
PD: start what is the goal difference for the club that has val0 goals against ? end 
GT: start who is the the   club ( city / town )   with   goals for / against   being val0 end 
PD: start what is the average for the val0 manager ? end 
GT: start what 's the   goals for / against   with   w - l - d   being val0 end 
PD: start what is the lowest goals against when the club is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the minimum   games played   with   goals for / against   being val0 end 
PD: start what is the nationality of the val0 player from val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the nationality of the player whose college / junior / club team ( league ) is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the pick number for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the college / junior / club team ( league ) of the player who was pick number val0 ? end 
PD: start which round has a pick number of val0 , and a round of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the pick number for round val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the rider with a val0 of val0 , and a time of val1 ? end 
GT: start what time is mon may 26 and fri may 30 is val0 ? end 
Batch 14 | Validation Loss 5.377494
PD: start what is the rider for the rider val0 ? end 
GT: start what tims is we d may 28 and mon may 26 is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the rider for the rider val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the numbr for fri may 30 and mon may 26 is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the school of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what the name of   the school where the last win in val0 ? end 
PD: start how many classes teams are listed for the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many times was val0 the winner ? end 
PD: start what is the years when the competition is val0 ? end 
GT: start what are the names that had a finalist score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the division in the val0 ? end 
GT: start in what year was the total finals at val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the school of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the school where the year of last win is val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the division in the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many total finals where there when the last win was in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 1991 when the team is val0 ? end 
GT: start name the team for 1993 - 94 for val0 end 
PD: start what is the largest number of games played ? end 
GT: start name the most played end 
PD: start how many times is the total points val0 ? end 
GT: start name the total number of 1992 - 93 for val0 points end 
PD: start what is the largest number of games played ? end 
GT: start name the most played end 
PD: start what is the largest amount of goals scored when the field goals is val0 ? end 
GT: start name the most touchdowns for field goals being val0 end 
PD: start what is the position of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start name the starter for position being val0 end 
PD: start what is the lowest number of passes ? end 
GT: start name the fewest touchdowns end 
PD: start what is the highest amount of points for val0 ? end 
GT: start name the most extra points for val0 end 
PD: start how many field goals were there when the points were val0 ? end 
GT: start name the number of points for field goals being val0 end 
PD: start what is the highest number of passes for val0 ? end 
GT: start name the most touchdowns for val0   end 
PD: start what is the position of the player with val0 points ? end 
GT: start name the extra points for val0 end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of points for val0 ? end 
GT: start name the least touchdowns for val0 points end 
PD: start what is the maximum number of field goals ? end 
GT: start name the most field goals end 
PD: start how many field goals were scored when val0 points were collected ? end 
GT: start name the number of field goals for val0 extra points end 
PD: start what is the highest number of passes for val0 ? end 
GT: start name the most touchdowns for val0 end 
PD: start what is the famous for the val0 ? end 
GT: start name who was famous for finished in val0 end 
PD: start who is the owner of the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the finished for exited val0 end 
PD: start what was the time of the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the entered for famous for val0 end 
PD: start how many times is the location val0 ? end 
GT: start name the finished for val0 end 
PD: start who is the owner of the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the finished for exited of val0 end 
PD: start how many days was val0 the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the number of celebrity for val0 end 
PD: start how many episodes were numbered val0 in the series ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of values for " teleplay by " category for series # val0 ? end 
PD: start who directed the episode written by val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the teleplay by when the director is val0 ? end 
PD: start who directed season val0 and the series was val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the season # for a teleplay by val0 and the director is val1 ? end 
Batch 15 | Validation Loss 6.418408
PD: start what was the time of the match against the val0 ? end 
GT: start what time in eastern standard time was game held val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the methyl red reading for the scanner with a val0 pages ? end 
GT: start what are the names of all unix shell with powershell ( cmdlet ) of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the netflow version when vendor is val0 ? end 
GT: start what are all values of cmd.exe / command.com for the unix shell val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the craft used on val0 ? end 
GT: start if powershell ( alias ) is val0 , what are all corresponding descriptions .   end 
PD: start what is the netflow version when vendor is val0 ? end 
GT: start when the cmd.exe / command.com is val0 , what are all associated values for powershell ( cmdlet ) ? end 
PD: start how many netflow version are there when the vendor species is val0 ? end 
GT: start how many values of powershell ( cmdlet ) are valid when unix shell is val0 ? end 
PD: start what county has a median family income of val0 ? end 
GT: start what county has val0 households ?   end 
PD: start what is the 199val0 rank   with   highest     being val0 end 
GT: start which place has a rank of val0 ? end 
PD: start what county has a median family income of val0 ? end 
GT: start which county has a median household income of   val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the singapore gross when the rank is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the median household income for val0 ? end 
PD: start what county has a gdp per capita of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the per capita income for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the rank of the aircraft with a val0 designation ? end 
GT: start where does the common of val0 rank in population ? end 
PD: start what is the area of the corporation with a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start which common has an area ( km2 ) of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the area of the corporation with a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start which common has an area ( km2 ) of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest dye absoprtion ? end 
GT: start what is the minimum altitude ( mslm ) in all the commons ? end 
PD: start what is the rank of the census division for the area with an area of val0 km2 ? end 
GT: start what rank is the common with an area of val0 km^2 ? end 
PD: start what is the population density of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the density of the common with an area of val0 km^2 ? end 
PD: start how many people were there in the val0 area ? end 
GT: start how many altitudes does the common with an area of val0 km^2 have ? end 
PD: start how many people were there in the population val0 ? end 
GT: start how may population figures are given for val0 end 
PD: start what is the rank of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the val0 ranked common ? end 
PD: start what is the popultion density whre with   density ( /km )   being val0 end 
GT: start the common of val0 has what population density ? end 
PD: start what is the ceased to be duke of girona that has a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the   economics   score with   education   being val0 end 
PD: start what is the name of the coloneo ) , when the is val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the   health   score with   justice   being val0 end 
PD: start what is the rank of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the   rank   for val0 end 
PD: start what is the city of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the   country   with   health   being val0 end 
PD: start what is the , when branch is val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the   economics score   with   justice   being val0 end 
PD: start what is the highest attendance on val0 ? end 
GT: start on val0 what was maximum number or attendants . end 
PD: start who was the opponent for week val0 ? end 
GT: start in week val0 who were the opponent ?   end 
PD: start what week was the result val0 ? end 
GT: start what are week val0 results ?   end 
PD: start how many heights tall is the player from val1 val0 ? end 
GT: start how many players were val0 and from val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest number of stumps for val0 ? end 
GT: start what was val0 's number ? end 
PD: start what nhl team picked val0 ? end 
GT: start name the player for val0 end 
Batch 16 | Validation Loss 5.264414
PD: start what is the pick number for the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the position for pick number val0 end 
PD: start what is the position of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start name the college / junior / club team for val0 end 
PD: start what is the spanish word for the word val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the burmese term for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the element that has a val0 personality ? end 
GT: start what is the cardinal direction associated with val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the malayam wine style   with   village   being val0 end 
GT: start what is the burmese term associated with a cardinal direction of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the element that has a val0 personality ? end 
GT: start what is the planet associated with the direction of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest amount of points scored by val0 when they scored val1 points ? end 
GT: start what is the value scored when there were val0 points for the team val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the maximum losses for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the number of losses when the scored value was val0 ? end 
PD: start qhat what 's the   time   with   time of val0 end 
GT: start what were all yachts with a sail number of val0 ? end 
PD: start how many loa ( metres ) have val0 as the skipper ? end 
GT: start how many yachts had a position of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the yacht type for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what are all of the states or countries with a corrected time val0 ? end 
PD: start qhat what 's the   time   with   time   being val0 end 
GT: start who were all of the skippers with a corrected time of val0 ? end 
PD: start qhat what 's the   time   with   time of val0 end 
GT: start what are all sail numbers for the yacht val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the accreditation in val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the courtside reporter for the year val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the year for the val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the studio host for the year val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the year for the val0 ? end 
GT: start who are the studio analysts for the year val0 ? end 
PD: start how many foundation dates are there for the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many channels were the games shown on in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the tournament on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the current venue for the val0 tournament ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the val0 ? end 
GT: start val0 is in which country ? end 
PD: start how many dates have a tournament of val0 ? end 
GT: start how many tournaments have their current venue as the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest year , when name is val0 ? end 
GT: start what year was the tournament first held in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which current venues location is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the tournament on val0 ? end 
GT: start which tournaments current venue is the val0 ? end 
PD: start who won the womens doubles in val0 ? end 
GT: start what are all values for womens doubles in the year val0 ? end 
PD: start who won the womens doubles in val0 ? end 
GT: start who are all the womens doubles for the year val0 ? end 
PD: start who won the womens doubles in val0 ? end 
GT: start who were all womens doubles for the year val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the series # for the episode seen by val0 million people in the u.s . ? end 
GT: start which episode number drew in val0 million viewers in the u.s . ? end 
PD: start who directed the episode that had val0 million u.s . viewers ? end 
GT: start how many viewers did the episode directed by val0 draw in ? end 
PD: start how many u.s . views were there for the epidosde episode seen by val0 million people in the us ? end 
GT: start which episode number drew in val0 million viewers in the united states ? end 
PD: start what is the series # for the episode directed by val0 ? end 
GT: start which episode number was directed by val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times is the winnings of val0 ? end 
GT: start how many masters fought using a val0 style ? end 
PD: start how many episodes were the episode val0 originally aired ? end 
GT: start how many times did episode val0 air ? end 
Batch 17 | Validation Loss 6.320283
PD: start who is the blockers for the val0 ? end 
GT: start which masters fought in val0 style ? end 
PD: start what is the original air date of the episode that aired on val0 ? end 
GT: start when did the episode featuring a master using val0 air ? end 
PD: start what country is val0 from ? end 
GT: start in which country is the city of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the manufacturer for val0 ? end 
GT: start which martial arts style was shown in val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance during week val0 ? end 
GT: start when val0 is the attendance what week is it ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent on val0 ? end 
GT: start when it is val0 who is the opponent ? end 
PD: start what was week val0 's record ? end 
GT: start when it is week val0 what is the record ? end 
PD: start what was the date of the game at val0 ? end 
GT: start when it is val0 where is the game site ? end 
PD: start what is the rank for the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the median income for age band being val0 end 
PD: start how many times is the couple val0 ? end 
GT: start how many episodes in history have a running time of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the methyl red reading for val0 ? end 
GT: start name the southern lakota for val0 end 
PD: start what is the m1a1 when the 2007–08 vs. zerg is val0 ? end 
GT: start name the santee sisseton for val0 end 
PD: start what is the portuguese pluperfect when the french title is val0 ? end 
GT: start name the english gloss for val0 end 
PD: start how many french words were there for the portuguese premier on val0 ? end 
GT: start name the number of english gloss for val0 end 
PD: start what is the lowest year ? end 
GT: start what was the first year of the lithuanian national badminton championships ? end 
PD: start how many years did val0 win the mens singles ? end 
GT: start how many years did val0 participate in the men 's doubles ? end 
PD: start who won the womens singles when val0 won the mens singles ? end 
GT: start in 2004 , where the womens singles is val0 who is the mens singles end 
PD: start what is the most recent year with val0 doubles ? end 
GT: start what is the most current year where the women 's doubles champions are val0 end 
PD: start who won the mens singles in val2 when val0 won the womens singles and val2 won womens singles ? end 
GT: start in the year val2 , the womens singles had val0 and the mens doubles were val1 , what were the womens doubles end 
PD: start who won the mixed doubles in the val0 won and val1 won the women 's singles ? end 
GT: start in 2001 , where the mens singles is val1 and the womens singles is val0 , who are the mixed doubles end 
PD: start who won the mens singles in val0 ? end 
GT: start in val0 who was the mens singles end 
PD: start what is the service charge for the val0 ? end 
GT: start when is the rhel release date when scientific linux release is val0 end 
PD: start what is the service charge for the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the delay when scientific linux release is val0 end 
PD: start what is the service charge for the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the scientific linux release when delay is val0 end 
PD: start how many rank is the nation val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the val0 rank ? end 
PD: start what is the total for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is val0 's total rank ? end 
PD: start how many total figures are given for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is val0 's total ? end 
PD: start what is the runner - up , when total is " val0 " , and when 4th - place is val1 ? end 
GT: start which countries have a 5th runner - up ranking is valval1 and the 3rd runner - up ranking is val1 end 
PD: start what is the highest score score ? end 
GT: start what is the worst ( highest ) score ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what days were the rounds of val0 recorded ? end 
PD: start what is the , when year is val0 ? end 
GT: start what country hosts the tournament val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest score score ? end 
GT: start what is the worst ( highest ) score ? end 
Batch 18 | Validation Loss 5.129141
PD: start what is the finish for val0 ? end 
GT: start what players finished val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the winning score of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what year was it when the score was val0 ? end 
PD: start how many years was the winning score val0 ? end 
GT: start how many years was it for the score val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest year for val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the year when the runner - up was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest year for val0 ? end 
GT: start what year did val0 get runner - up ? end 
PD: start what was the winning score of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the winning score in year val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the lyricist when the 2007–08 was val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the   cancelable   with   bubbles   being val0 end 
PD: start what is the cancelable of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the   bubbles   with   attribute   being val0 end 
PD: start how many times was the category val0 ? end 
GT: start   how many   bubbles   with   category   being val0 end 
PD: start what is the description of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the   type   with   description   being val0 end 
PD: start what is the cancelable of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the   attribute   with   cancelable   being val0 end 
PD: start what is the name of the episode that reached val0 million viewers ? end 
GT: start how many viewers in millions for episode val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the original air date for production code val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the original air date for the episode with a production code of val0 ? end 
PD: start who directed episode number val0 in series val1 ? end 
GT: start what season has an episode written by val0 and directed by val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the title of episode val0 in the series ? end 
GT: start what are all the numbers in the series with an episode title of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the segment a for the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many segments involve val0 end 
PD: start what is the segment c when the segment b is val0 ? end 
GT: start for the shows featuring val0 , what was on before that end 
PD: start what is the segment a for series episode val0 ? end 
GT: start are val0 in many episodes end 
PD: start what is the best title for the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the best actor for val0 end 
PD: start what is the best film for the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the best director for val0 end 
PD: start what is the year for the val0 ceremony ? end 
GT: start name the year for val0 end 
PD: start what is the best title for the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the best supporting actress for val0 end 
PD: start how many years was the champion val0 ? end 
GT: start how many years was val0 the champion ? end 
PD: start what is the margin of victory in val0 ? end 
GT: start what countries have a margin of victory at val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times is the margin of val0 ? end 
GT: start how many dollars is the purse when the margin of victory is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest year ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest year listed ? end 
PD: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
GT: start at what date is the score val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times was the val0 val0 ? end 
GT: start how many teams are # val0 on the list ? end 
PD: start what is the percentage of the player with a val0 percentage of val0 ? end 
GT: start what are the record(s ) for the team with a winning percentage of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of games played for val0 ? end 
GT: start name the least for when played is val0 end 
PD: start what team has val0 points ? end 
GT: start name the points for val0 end 
PD: start what is the highest difference for the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the most for when difference is val0 end 
Batch 19 | Validation Loss 5.401618
PD: start how many production codes does the episode titled val0 have ? end 
GT: start name the total number of titles for val0 production code end 
PD: start how many u.s . views were there for the epidosde titled by val0 ? end 
GT: start name the number in the series for when the viewers is val0 end 
PD: start how many episodes were released on val0 ? end 
GT: start name the number of original air date for when the number in season is val0 end 
PD: start what is the pole position for the val0 with val1 as the pole position ? end 
GT: start which race number in the val0 circuit had val1 in pole position ? end 
PD: start what is the most recent pole position for the val0 , val1 , the winning driver , and the pole belonged ? end 
GT: start what is the highest race number in the val0 circuit with val1 as the winning driver and pole position ? end 
PD: start what is the lease amount of touchdowns for the player with val0 drop ? end 
GT: start name the least amount of tackles for val0 end 
PD: start what is the maximum fc when the player is val0 ? end 
GT: start name the most tackles for val0 sacks end 
PD: start what is the lowest number of passes ? end 
GT: start name the least fum rec td end 
PD: start what is the lowest yards for the val0 / g ? end 
GT: start name the least int yards when sacks is val0 end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of l ? end 
GT: start name the least amount of int yards end 
PD: start what is the number of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what jersey number did val0 wear end 
PD: start what is the school / club team for val0 ? end 
GT: start what school did val0 play for end 
PD: start how many times did val0 play for ? end 
GT: start how many players belong to val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the number of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what number identifies val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the number of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what is val0 's number ? end 
PD: start what is the - 49 when the same meaning is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the extortion and theft rates where the val0 is active ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest number of students for the val0 k.b.sts.b ? end 
GT: start what is the sexual abuse rate where the conflict is the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the largest number of aggravated assaults for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the sexual abuse rate where the conflict is the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest number of students for the val0 k.b.sts.b ? end 
GT: start what is the sexual abuse rate where the conflict is the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the cover model for the val0 " ? end 
GT: start who was the on the cover when val0 did the 20 questions ? end 
PD: start what is the date of appointment for the val0 issue ? end 
GT: start when was the val0 the centerfold ? end 
PD: start what is the date of appointment for the val0 issue ? end 
GT: start when was val0 listed as   the centerfold model ? end 
PD: start what cover model has a 20 questions of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the cover model on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the centerfold model that has val0 as the interview ? end 
GT: start who was the centerfold model when a pictorial was done on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 issue ? end 
GT: start who was the interview subject on the date val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the centerfold model when the interview subject was val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the centerfold model in the issue where val0 answered the " 20 questions " ? end 
PD: start what is the livery with a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the cover model when the issue 's pictorials was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the livery with a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start list the pictorals from issues when val0 was the cover model . end 
PD: start what is the centerfold model that has val0 as the interview ? end 
GT: start who was the centerfold model when the issue 's pictorial was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the centerfold model that has val0 as the interview ? end 
GT: start who was the centerfold model when the issue 's pictorial was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of issue val0 ? end 
GT: start who answered the 20 questions on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the semifinal record for the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the wickets for overs bowled being val0 end 
Batch 20 | Validation Loss 5.236777
PD: start how many wrestlers are scored for the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the total number of wickets being val0 end 
PD: start what is the arena in val0 ? end 
GT: start name the name for when overs bowled is val0 end 
PD: start how many runs rates were there when the total runs was val0 ? end 
GT: start name the runs conceded where overs bowled is val0 end 
PD: start what is the bbm when the strike rate is val0 ? end 
GT: start name the maaidens where overs bowled is val0 end 
PD: start what is the location of the val0 ? end 
GT: start on what date was the race at val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the val0 ? end 
GT: start at which location did val0 drive ? end 
PD: start what is the date for val0 ? end 
GT: start which team raced on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the engine for the val0 engine ? end 
GT: start what engine does val0 use ? end 
PD: start what is the highest game number for val0 ? end 
GT: start what game happened on val0 ? end 
PD: start who had the high points when the team was val0 ? end 
GT: start who scored the most points against val0 ? end 
PD: start what university has a population of val0 and a population maroochy larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start which municipalities located in the county of val0 have populations bigger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what county is in val0 ? end 
GT: start in which county is the city / town of val0 located ? end 
PD: start what is the population of buddhist population with a population of val0 ? end 
GT: start which municipality has a population of val0 ? end 
PD: start how many states is the population of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total population in the city / town of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the settlement destiny if the is val0 ? end 
GT: start what are the cities / towns located in the municipality of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the settlement destiny if the is val0 ? end 
GT: start what are the cities / towns located in the municipality of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the week # of the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the song choice when week number is val0 end 
PD: start what is the theme when the week # is val0 ? end 
GT: start name the week number for val0 end 
PD: start what is the result of the val0 song choice and the original artist was val1 ? end 
GT: start name the order number for val0 and result is val1 end 
PD: start who wrote the episode with the production code val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the production code for the episode written by val0 ? end 
PD: start who directed episode number val0 ? end 
GT: start who directed episode number val0 ? end 
PD: start who wrote the episode titled val0 ? end 
GT: start who was val0 written by ? end 
PD: start what is the original air date for season # val0 ? end 
GT: start which season originally aired on val0 end 
PD: start what is the series # ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest number of series ? end 
PD: start what is the original air date for season # val0 ? end 
GT: start when did season val0 originally air ? end 
PD: start who directed the episode that aired on val0 that aired on val1 ? end 
GT: start who directed the episode that was written by val0 and originally aired on val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the location and attendance on val0 ? end 
GT: start on what date was the attendance at val0 ? end 
PD: start which package / option has a quantity of val0 , and a number larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start how many television service are in val0 and n ° is greater than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the language of the val0 val1 ? end 
GT: start what television service is in val0 and is in val1 ? end 
PD: start which livery is from val0 and has a quantity larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start what television service are in the val0 and n ° is greater than val1 ? end 
PD: start what country has val0 as the country ? end 
GT: start how many dar are in val0 ? end 
PD: start how many ects credit for commentators were there when the   birthstone was val0 ? end 
GT: start name the total number of coat of cash wearing celebrity where panelists are val0 end 
Batch 21 | Validation Loss 5.651929
PD: start who is the musical guest and the musical guest captain was val0 ? end 
GT: start name the musical guest where guest host is val0 end 
PD: start how many ects credit for commentators were there when the   birthstone was val0 ? end 
GT: start name the number of panelists for oat of cash wearing celebrity being val0 end 
PD: start how many times is the number val0 ? end 
GT: start name the total number of episodes for coat of cash wearing celebrity is val0 end 
PD: start what is the episode number of episodes that were viewed by val0 ? end 
GT: start name the least number of episodes for the panelists of val0 end 
PD: start who was the opponent when the game with a val0 points ? end 
GT: start what was the total opponents points for the game were the oilers scored val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the winner of the val0 ? end 
GT: start who got second place when the winners were val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the hanja for val0 ? end 
GT: start the hanja val0 is for what province ? end 
PD: start what is the 1957 population for the val0 council with a val1 of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the modern equivalent of the former kingdom " val0 " with the hanja val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the hangul of the province with a val0 hanja ? end 
GT: start the hanja val0 is for what capital ? end 
PD: start what is the hangul of the val0 hanja ? end 
GT: start what is the hangul symbol for the hanja val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the hanja for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the hanja for the province of " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what province has val0 as the commercial operation ? end 
GT: start what are the modern equivalents for the province of " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the population for the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many passengers ( in millions ) flew from val0 in 2012 ? end 
PD: start what is the distance of the val0 with a val0 pos'n pos'n ? end 
GT: start what the is the first city listed on the route that had val0 passengers in 2011 and a distance of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the distance of the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many passengers ( in millions ) flew through along the route that is val0 long in 2012 ? end 
PD: start what is the population of the nation with val0 di ? end 
GT: start how many passengers ( in millions ) in 2011 flew through along the route that had val0 million passengers in 2012 ? end 
PD: start what is the m1a1 when the m1a1 is val0 ? end 
GT: start which city is listed first when val0 is listed as the second city ? end 
PD: start what is the population for the val0 ? end 
GT: start in 2011 , which city is listed first along the route that had val0 million passengers ? end 
PD: start what is the report for the val0 on val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the report for races where val0 had both pole position and fastest lap ? end 
PD: start who had the pole position for the val0 ? end 
GT: start who was on the pole at val0 ? end 
PD: start how many races were in the val0 ? end 
GT: start in what position did the winning driver finish at val0 ? end 
PD: start how many years were available for the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many schools had the win loss ratio of val0 ?   end 
PD: start how many years did val0 win ? end 
GT: start how many wins did val0 have ?   end 
PD: start what is the maximum amount of wins for val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the largest amount of wins val0 has ?   end 
PD: start what is the track for the track val0 ? end 
GT: start who sanctioned the event at val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the val0 ? end 
GT: start who sanctioned the event in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the track for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what location is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the track for the track val0 ? end 
GT: start what programs were held at val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the craft of val0 ? end 
GT: start what programs were held in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the division in the val0 round ? end 
GT: start name the round eliminated where conference record is val0 end 
PD: start what is the division for the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the school where conference record is val0 end 
PD: start what was the division record during the val0 season with a val1 of val1 ? end 
GT: start name the conference record where seed is val0 and record is val1 end 
Batch 22 | Validation Loss 4.803581
PD: start who was the conference matchup for the val0 ? end 
GT: start for teams in the val0 conference , what is the conference record ? end 
PD: start what is the record for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the overall record of val0 college ? end 
PD: start what is the conference matchup for the val0 ? end 
GT: start which qualifying schools were in the val0 conference ? end 
PD: start what is the record for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the overall record of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the conference matchup for the val0 ? end 
GT: start which conference is val0 in ? end 
PD: start what is the statue for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the status of vessel number val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the winner for season val0 ? end 
GT: start who won third place in season val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the runner - up in the val0 season ? end 
GT: start who was the runner - up in season val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the runner - up for the season of val0 ? end 
GT: start which season did val0 win ? end 
PD: start who was the runner - up for the season of val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the winning mentor in season val0 ? end 
PD: start who was third place when val0 was fifth place ? end 
GT: start who was the runner - up when val0 got third ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 school located in val0 ? end 
GT: start what affiliation is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the enrollment for the val0 school in the ? end 
GT: start what was the enrollment of the school founded in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 school located in val0 ? end 
GT: start what kind of school is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the home team that played at val0 ? end 
GT: start name the ground for val0 end 
PD: start how many people were in attendance at val0 ? end 
GT: start name the total number of grounds for val0 end 
PD: start what is the time of the match on val0 ? end 
GT: start name the time for val0 end 
PD: start what is the largest crowd when the home team scores val0 , and the score is val1 ? end 
GT: start where the home team scored val0 , what was the size of the crowd ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the away team of val0 ? end 
GT: start on what date did the away team val0 play ? end 
PD: start what is the away team score when the home team is val0 ? end 
GT: start what score did the away team receive against home team val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the c ( nf / s ) when the e / e ) is val0 ? end 
GT: start name the h when c max is val0 end 
PD: start what is the lowest quantity of ptrd nos . val0 ? end 
GT: start name the least morse taper number when taper is val0 end 
PD: start what is the school / club team for the val0 player with a val1 ? end 
GT: start when was the school / club team for grizzles was val0 end 
PD: start what is the position of the val0 player who is a val0 ? end 
GT: start which position did val0 play for end 
PD: start what is the number of the player from the val0 and the part number val1 ? end 
GT: start when did no . val0 play for grizzles end 
PD: start what is the most number of years for the val0 season in the ? end 
GT: start what 's the highest player number from the list from val0 end 
PD: start who is the player from val0 with a val1 ? end 
GT: start which school / club team did val0 play for end 
PD: start what is the position of val0 ? end 
GT: start what position is val0 in ? end 
PD: start what is the pick number for the val0 with a pick number of val1 ? end 
GT: start what pick # did val0 have ? end 
PD: start what is the pick number for the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many cfl teams had pick # val0 ? end 
PD: start how many picks did val0 have ? end 
GT: start how many pick numbers did val0 have ? end 
PD: start what player is from val0 college ? end 
GT: start what college does val0 play for ? end 
Batch 23 | Validation Loss 4.757860
PD: start what is the points for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what are the points for val0 equipment ?   end 
PD: start what is the location of the match on val0 ? end 
GT: start name the location for val0 end 
PD: start what is the highest lead maragin with   democrat   being val0 end 
GT: start what is the maximum lead margin on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the date of the poll in the val0 poll ? end 
GT: start what is hte date where republican jeaff beatty is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the szdsz percentage in the poll on val0 with val1 ? end 
GT: start what are the dates where democrat john kerry is val0 and poll source is val1 ? end 
PD: start what was kaine 's ( d ) percentage in the poll on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the percentage for john kerry and dates administered is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the diameter ( km ) of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the diameter of the feature found in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the latitude of the val0 diameter ? end 
GT: start at a latitude of val0 , what is the diameter ? end 
PD: start what is the latitude of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the latitude of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name origin of val0 ? end 
GT: start at a latitude of val0 , what is the feature 's name origin ? end 
PD: start how many different ppi ( per val000 ) are noted for the latitude val0 ? end 
GT: start at a longitude of val0 , how many features were found ? end 
PD: start what is the latitude of val0 ? end 
GT: start at a longitude of val0 , what is the latitude of the features found ? end 
PD: start what is the highest year for the val0 ? end 
GT: start in what year was the feature at a val0 latitude named ?   end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the diameter in km of the feature named val0 ?   end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the longitude of the feature named val0 ?   end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the origin of the name of val0 ?   end 
PD: start what is the diameter ( μs ) of the val0 dye ? end 
GT: start what is   the diameter in km of the feature with a longitude of val0 ?   end 
PD: start what is the name of the diameter ( km ) of val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the name origin of feature of diameter ( km ) val0 end 
PD: start what is the latitude of the val0 diameter ? end 
GT: start what is the diameter ( km ) of the feature of latitude val0 end 
PD: start what is the latitude of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the latitude of the feature of longitude val0 end 
PD: start what is the latitude of the val0 diameter ? end 
GT: start what is the diameter ( km ) of feature of latitude val0 end 
PD: start what is the diameter ( μs ) of the val0 dye ? end 
GT: start what is the diameter ( km ) of longitude val0 end 
PD: start what is the market income per capita in the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the market value of a company in billions that has val0 billion in sales ?   end 
PD: start what is the market income per capita in val0 ? end 
GT: start what are the profits in billions for val0 ?   end 
PD: start what is the market income per capita in val0 ? end 
GT: start which industry has a company with a market value of val0 billion ?   end 
PD: start what is the highest rank of the company with val0 billion in revenue ? end 
GT: start what is the highest rank of a company that has val0 billion in assets ?   end 
PD: start what is the market income per capita in the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the amount of profits in billions for companies with a market value of val0 billion ?   end 
PD: start who was the away team when the match where val0 was the man of the match ? end 
GT: start what were the placements of the team in regular season when they reached val0 in the u.s . open cup but val1 for the concaf champions cup ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent in the season where the was the cup in the val1 ? end 
GT: start how did the team place when they val0 for the concaf champions cup but made it to val1 in the u.s . open cup ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest season ? end 
GT: start when was the first season ? end 
PD: start what is the spanish title for the val0 progran ? end 
GT: start what is the isbn of " val0 ? end 
PD: start how many networks were there for the val0 television commentators ? end 
GT: start how many publishers put out val0 ? end 
Batch 24 | Validation Loss 5.081486
PD: start what is the pali word for val0 ? tibetan ? end 
GT: start val0 is book number ? end 
PD: start what is the spanish pluperfect when the show val0 ? end 
GT: start who pubilshed val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest number of the player with a val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the minimum wins a team has ? end 
PD: start how many times is the val0 val0 and the voting is val1 ? end 
GT: start when the country was val0 , how many ends were won ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest ends lost for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is val0 's least ends lost ? end 
PD: start what is the country of the country val0 , and a country of val1 ? end 
GT: start val0 is the skip of which country ? end 
PD: start what poles have val0 poles ? end 
GT: start name the poles for val0 position end 
PD: start what is the posisiotn when the val0osition is val0 ? end 
GT: start name the starts when position is val0 end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 game ? end 
GT: start what stadium hosted the val0 game and how many visitors were there ? end 
PD: start who had the high assists when the score was val0 ? end 
GT: start who made the highest assist in the game that scored val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the 8th when the lead is val0 ? end 
GT: start when the 8th is val0 who was the 6th ? end 
PD: start who is the 3rd place when the 1st player is val0 ? end 
GT: start who was in 4th when in 6th is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 8th when the 7th is val0 ? end 
GT: start when val0 is in 9th , who is in 10th ? end 
PD: start how many times is the lead val0 ? end 
GT: start when val0 is in 6th , who is in 7th ? end 
PD: start how many times is the winner val0 and the combativity award is val1 ? end 
GT: start how many times was val0 4th place ? end 
PD: start who is the winner of the val0 ? end 
GT: start when val0 is 5th , who was the winner ? end 
PD: start what is the location and attendance of game val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the location and attendance for game val0 ? end 
PD: start who had the high assists on val0 ? end 
GT: start who had the highest assists on val0 ? end 
PD: start who had the high rebounds on val0 ? end 
GT: start who had the high rebound total on val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times is the 1st player val0 , who played for the val1 position ? end 
GT: start how many positions correspond to a val0 1st leg ? end 
PD: start how many times did the denver broncos played the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the total number of opponent of record val0 end 
PD: start what was the score of the game on val0 ? end 
GT: start name the date where score time is val0 end 
PD: start what is the air date of the episode with val0 as andrew and john 's guest ? end 
GT: start what episode aired on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the broadcast date of the episode with val0 million viewers ? end 
GT: start how many viewers were there on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the rating for the episode that had val0 million viewers ? end 
GT: start what is run time when there were val0 million viewers ? end 
PD: start who won pro stock won val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the equation where the 3rd throw is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the most sets won with a 2nd legs of val0 ? end 
GT: start if the equation is val0 , what would be the 2nd throw ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest 1st for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the result when the 3rd throw is val0 ? end 
PD: start who won pro stock won val0 ? end 
GT: start if the equation is val0 , what is the 3rd throw ? end 
PD: start what is the most sets won with a 2nd legs of val0 ? end 
GT: start if the equation is val0 , what is the 2nd throw ? end 
PD: start how many grids have val0 laps ? end 
GT: start name the total number of grid for val0 end 
PD: start how many laps were there when the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the laps for val0 pointss end 
Batch 25 | Validation Loss 5.003581
PD: start what is the points when the driver is val0 ? end 
GT: start name the drive for points being val0 end 
PD: start what is the name of the driver for val0 ? end 
GT: start name the team for val0 end 
PD: start what is the name of the driver for val0 ? end 
GT: start name the team of val0 end 
PD: start what was the score of the game when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start name the record for score of   val0 end 
PD: start what is the team for val0 ? end 
GT: start on what date did the rockets play val0 ? end 
PD: start who had the high points when the game was played in the val0 ? end 
GT: start who had the most poinst in game val0 ? end 
PD: start who had the high assists on val0 ? end 
GT: start when val0 is leading in assists what is the date ? end 
PD: start who had the high rebounds when the team was val0 ? end 
GT: start when val0 is the team who has the highest amount of rebounds ? end 
PD: start who had the high assists on val0 ? end 
GT: start when val0 had the highest amount of assists what is the date ? end 
PD: start what was the record on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the record on val0 ? end 
PD: start how many records are there for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the record on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the grid when the driver is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the grid for the driver who earned val0 points ? end 
PD: start how many points did val0 complete on the grid of val1 ? end 
GT: start name the total number of cars for val0 and grid of val1 end 
PD: start what is the lowest grid with val0 laps ? end 
GT: start name the least grid for val0 points   end 
PD: start how many points did val0 have when the time / retired was val1 ? end 
GT: start name the total number of fin pos for val0 points of val1 end 
PD: start how many points did val0 have ? end 
GT: start name the number of driver for fin pos of val0 end 
PD: start how many high assists were on val0 ? end 
GT: start how many high assists stats were maade on val0 end 
PD: start who had the high assists on val0 ? end 
GT: start who made high assists on val0 end 
PD: start what was the score of game val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score in game val0 ? end 
PD: start who had the high points when the game was played in the val0 ? end 
GT: start which player had the highest points in game val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the team for val0 ? end 
GT: start what team(s ) did they play on val0 ? end 
PD: start who had the high points when the team was val0 ? end 
GT: start who had the high point total against val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the team for val0 ? end 
GT: start when did they play val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times was the score val0 ? end 
GT: start name the total number of score for val0 end 
PD: start who had the high points on val0 ? end 
GT: start name the high points for the date of val0 end 
PD: start who had the high assists when the score was val0 ? end 
GT: start name the high assists for   val0 end 
PD: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the team 's score on val0 ? end 
PD: start who had the high rebounds when the high assists is val0 ? end 
GT: start who did the most assists when val0 got the most rebounds ? end 
PD: start how many teams scored val0 points ? end 
GT: start val0 got high points for how many teams ? end 
PD: start what was the record on val0 ? end 
GT: start after the val0 game , what was the team 's record ? end 
PD: start who directed the episode written by val0 ? end 
GT: start name who wrote the episode directed by val0 end 
PD: start who wrote the episode titled val0 ? end 
GT: start name the title that was written by val0 end 
Batch 26 | Validation Loss 4.743808
PD: start who directed episode number val0 in the series ? end 
GT: start name who directed the episode for the series number val0 end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of points for the val0 club ? end 
GT: start how many games did the team who scored val0 goals win ? end 
PD: start how many teams have val0 points ? end 
GT: start how many points did val0 accumulate ? end 
PD: start what is the lost 1 for the team with val0 losses ? end 
GT: start list all losses with average goals of val0 . end 
PD: start what is the overall wc points for the team 1 val0 ? end 
GT: start which team had goal averages of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the most number of matches for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest position of the val0 team ? end 
PD: start how many teams have val0 tries against ? end 
GT: start how many times did the val0 team play ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the event where val0 is the event ? end 
GT: start which athlete competed in the val0 division ? end 
PD: start what is the round of 32 for the val0 ? end 
GT: start when there was a val0 in the round of 32 , what was the result in the round of 16 ? end 
PD: start what is part 2 , when part 2 is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the part 4 when part 1 is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the verb meaning for val0 in part 2 ? end 
GT: start what is the verb meaning of the word with part 3 " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is part 2 , when part 2 is val0 ? end 
GT: start what class in the word with part 4 " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is part 2 , when part 2 is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the part 4 of the word with the part 1 " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is part 2 , when part 2 is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the part 3 of the word in class val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the verb meaning for val0 in part 2 ? end 
GT: start what is the verb meaning of the word with part 2 " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the average preliminaries for contestants with val0 average ? end 
GT: start what was the swimsuit score for the country with the average score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the swimsuit score for the contestant from val0 ? end 
GT: start what country had a swimsuit score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the swimsuit score for the contestant from val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the swimsuit score for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the evening gown scores where the average is val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the average score for the country with the evening gown score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average preliminaries for contestants with val0 average ? end 
GT: start what was the swimsuit score for the country with the average score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what state is val0 in ? end 
GT: start name the swuinsuit for val0 end 
PD: start what state has swimsuit scores of val0 ? end 
GT: start name the preliminary for val0 end 
PD: start what is the census ranking of the city with val0 census ranking ? end 
GT: start what are the census ranking(s ) of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the status of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the status(es ) of the place with an area of val0 km2 ? end 
PD: start what is the area of the parish with a population of val0 ? end 
GT: start what are the official name(s ) of places with an area of val0 km2 ? end 
PD: start what is the area of the parish with a population of val0 ? end 
GT: start what are the official name(s ) of places with an area of val0 km2 ? end 
PD: start what is the dominate in val0 ? end 
GT: start name the school for val0 end 
PD: start what is the dominate in val0 ? end 
GT: start name the location for school val0 end 
PD: start what is the lowest number of students from val0 ? end 
GT: start name the minimum 11 - 12 enrollment for val0 school end 
PD: start what is the largest number of students in 1951 values of the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the most 11 - 12 enrollment for val0 end 
PD: start what is the weight of the bullet used in the val0 kg and val1 ? end 
GT: start what 's the curb weight of the model with a wheelbase of val0 and height of val0 val0 ( 4matic ) ? end 
PD: start what is the length of the bullet that lasted val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the length of the model with val0 body style ? end 
Batch 27 | Validation Loss 5.033906
PD: start what is the length of the bullet that has a length of val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the length of the model with val0 body style ? end 
PD: start what is the height of the player with a height of val0 ? end 
GT: start what are the lengths of the models that are val0 tall ? end 
PD: start how many heights are there for the val0 team that has val0 points and val1 drop ? end 
GT: start how many providers are there where the resale category is val0 and bandwith is up is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest down for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is download bandwith where the provider is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the wycombe wanderers when the val0 is val0 and the points+ is val1 ? end 
GT: start who are all of the telecom providers for which the upload rate is val0 kbits and the resale category is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the type of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what are all the dsl type offered by the val0 telecom company ? end 
PD: start what is the home of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the resale category for the provider val0 ? end 
PD: start how many weeks were there val0 ? end 
GT: start how many results are listed for week val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the date of the game at val0 ? end 
GT: start on val0 , what was the game site ? end 
PD: start what was the opponent on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the date of the game when the opponent was the val0 ? end 
PD: start how many cover interview subjects wererthere for val0 ? end 
GT: start on how many dates was val0 released ? end 
PD: start what is the most recent season finale on val0 ? end 
GT: start how many discs for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the cover date of the song val0 ? end 
GT: start what day was val0 released ? end 
PD: start what is the original air date of the episode with val0 million viewers ? end 
GT: start which us air date had val0 million viewers ? end 
PD: start how many millions of spectator viewers watched the episode val0 ? end 
GT: start how many million viewers watched episode val0 ? end 
PD: start who directed the episode titled val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the directed for the episode titled val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest episode number for the episode titled val0 ? end 
GT: start what episode number was titled val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest value for the wickets taken in the val0 season ? end 
GT: start name the most wickets for best is val0 end 
PD: start what is the lowest number of matches for the manager who played val0 matches ? end 
GT: start name the least matches for runs being val0 end 
PD: start what is the wickets when the bowler is val0 ? end 
GT: start name the matches for wickets val0 end 
PD: start what is the largest number of matches ? end 
GT: start name the most 4 / inns end 
PD: start what week was the game played val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the date of the week val0 game ? end 
PD: start what week was the opponent val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the week number when the opponent was the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the district for the incumbent val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the district when the first elected was in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the party where the incumbent is val0 and the incumbent is val1 ? end 
GT: start who were the candidates when the first elected was a val1 in val0 ?   end 
PD: start how many times was the incumbent val0 ? end 
GT: start how many times was val0 elected ? end 
PD: start what is the party for the val0 ? end 
GT: start which party was elected first in val0 ? end 
PD: start how many candidates were there for the incumbent val0 ? end 
GT: start how many times did val0 run ? end 
PD: start what is the party where the incumbent is val0 and the incumbent is val1 ? end 
GT: start what district first elected a val0 incumbent in val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average for the player who val0 for the ? end 
GT: start how many tackle assists for the player who averages val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times is the player val0 ? end 
GT: start how many players named val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the pitcher on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the val0 brup for the team ? end 
Batch 28 | Validation Loss 5.458602
PD: start what is the maximum number of barrel twist ? end 
GT: start what is the largest number of tds scored for a player ? end 
PD: start what is the resale when the strike rate is val0 ? end 
GT: start how many yards for the player with tfl - yds of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the minimum number of pakistanis admitted ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest number associated with tonkolili ? end 
PD: start what is the population of buddhist when the annual population is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the main service for the station with val0 million passengers 2011 - 12 ?   end 
PD: start what is the lowest rank for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest rank of val0 ?   end 
PD: start what is the exit for the population of val0 ? end 
GT: start which location has val0 million passengers in 2011 - 12 ?   end 
PD: start what is every value for словјански if period is val0 ? end 
GT: start how many annual interchanges in the millions occurred in 2011 - 12 when the number of annual entry / exits was val0 million ?   end 
PD: start who was the winning team for the val0 circuit ? end 
GT: start who was the winning team on the circuit val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the winning team for the val0 circuit ? end 
GT: start who was the winning team on the circuit val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest round for val0 ? end 
GT: start what round was circuit val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the pole position for the val0 ? end 
GT: start who had pole position in round val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the abbr of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the english ( bcp ) phrase " val0 " in modern german with standard wording ? end 
PD: start what is the american labor for the american name val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the modern german standard wording for the german based writing system 2 phrase " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the resolution of the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many news stations opened on the date of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the length of the utc time of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the length   ( miles ) when val0 are the endpoints ? end 
PD: start what is the launch date of the val0 version ? end 
GT: start how many lines have the segment description of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the length of the utc time of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the lenth ( miles ) of endpoints val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the resolution of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what date of segment description val0 open ? end 
PD: start how many times is the jewel river mile val0 ? end 
GT: start how many new stations have a lenght ( miles ) of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the value for the val0 that has a val0 value of val0 and a val1 value of val1 ? end 
GT: start if there were val0 in 1990 and val1 survived how many were destroyed ? end 
PD: start what is the total iran when the iran is less than val0 , and the country is val1 ? end 
GT: start if val0 went to iran and the amount that survived was less than val1 how many were there in 1990 ? end 
PD: start what is the strain name of the satellite with a val0 cospar i d ? end 
GT: start if the aircraft was   val0 how many were destroyed ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the match against val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score when the opposing team was from val0 ? end 
PD: start how many outcomes did the bruins play val0 ? end 
GT: start how many outcomes were there when the opponent was val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the match against val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score when the opponent was val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the outcome of the match against val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the outcome of the game when the opponent was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the outcome when the partner is val0 , and when the is val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the game edition when they played on the val0 surface and the outcome was a val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance for the game against the val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the game attended by val0 people played against ? end 
PD: start how many times did val0 the home team ? end 
GT: start how many different counts of the raiders first downs are there for the game number val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the record against the cowboys in the val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the record in the game played against val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the game that had an attendance of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the result of the game seen by val0 people ? end 
PD: start what is the highest score for the val0 outcome and val1 as the opponents ? end 
GT: start how many opponents played val1 game with a result val0 ? end 
Batch 29 | Validation Loss 6.691940
PD: start what was the final result for the val0 awards ? end 
GT: start which award - winning film has a screening number of val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times was the award awards val0 ? end 
GT: start how many award - winning films have the opening film of val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times was val0 nominated ? end 
GT: start how many number of screenings have an opening film of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which opening film has the opening date of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the final result for the val0 awards ? end 
GT: start which award - winning film has a closing date of val0 ? end 
PD: start how many u.s . views were there for the epidosde episode seen seen by val0 million people ? end 
GT: start what series number garnered val0 million viewers ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the contestant from val0 ? end 
GT: start what position did val0 's team get ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 vs. band scores val1 ? end 
GT: start what date did val0 and val1 perform ? end 
PD: start what is the main judge when the wednesday is val0 ? end 
GT: start who performed with val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the val0 position ? end 
GT: start what position did the team with the total score of val0 get ? end 
PD: start what is the pole position for the val0 with val1 as the pole position ? end 
GT: start which round val1 grand prix had val0 at pole position ?   end 
PD: start who is the race winer of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what grand prixs did val0 win ?   end 
PD: start who had the fastest lap in the val0 ? end 
GT: start who had the fastest lap in the val0 grand prix ?   end 
PD: start what is the fastest lap for the val0 ? end 
GT: start val0 had the fastest lap on which circuits ?   end 
PD: start what is the best score for the val0 ? end 
GT: start when val0 is the title what is the overall number ? end 
PD: start what is the original air date for the episode with val0 as andrew and series number of end 
GT: start when val0 is the number overall what is the original air date ? end 
PD: start who directed episode val0 in the series ? end 
GT: start when val0 is the number in series who is the director ? end 
PD: start what is the original air date for production code val0 ? end 
GT: start when did the episode first air that had a production code of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the original air date for production code val0 ? end 
GT: start when did the episodes first air that had a production code of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the production code for the episode written by val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest production code of an episode written by val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times was the runner - up val0 ? end 
GT: start how many editions have a most wins value of val0 ? end 
PD: start how many episodes were directed by val0 and written by val1 ? end 
GT: start name the total number in the series written by val0 and directed by val1 end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the little league team from kentucky when the little league team from illinois was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the little league team from indiana when the little league team from michigan was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the manager who played val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the little league team from kentucky when the little league team from indiana and wisconsin were val0 and val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the little league team from ohio when the little league team from kentucky was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the little league team from michigan when the little league team from indiana was val0 ?   end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the little league team from kentucky when the little league team from michigan was val0 ?   end 
PD: start how many teams had val0 points ? end 
GT: start   how many table points are listed for the deficit is val0 ?   end 
PD: start how many opponents ' points were there when the val0 ? end 
GT: start   how many games had a deficit of val0 ?   end 
PD: start what is the spanish version of the val0 book ? end 
GT: start what is the theme song for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the best time for the val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the star of the program on val0 ? end 
Batch 30 | Validation Loss 5.316440
PD: start what is the weekly rank for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the title with an average rating of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the most number of episodes ? end 
GT: start what is maximum number of episodes for a show ? end 
PD: start what is the japanese title for the episode val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the japanese title with an average rating of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the best time for the val0 ? end 
GT: start who were the starting actors in the time frame of   val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the spanish pluperfect when the romaji title is val0 ? end 
GT: start what are the japanese title(s ) for val0 ? end 
PD: start how many episodes were the romaji val0 ? end 
GT: start how many titles had an average rating of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the spanish version of the val0 book ? end 
GT: start what are the romaji title(s ) with the theme song " val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the weekly rank for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the average rating for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the production of the rider with val0 engine and a val1 rider ? end 
GT: start what is the top speed of a val0 with production in val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the production of the rider with val0 engine and a val1 rider ? end 
GT: start what is the top speed of a val1 transmission produced in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the production when the engine is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the acceleration 0 - 100 km/h that was produced in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the land area of val0 geo i d ? end 
GT: start what was the township with a geo i d of val0 ? end 
PD: start what county has a longitude of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the county with a longitude of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the latitude when the longitude is val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the land area in sqmi that has a latitude of val0 ? end 
PD: start what county is val0 in ? end 
GT: start what was the county with a latitude of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the latitude of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the latitude of the val0 townsship ? end 
PD: start what is the longitude of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the longitude of the township with a latitude of val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the player with a val0 lead ? end 
GT: start who is the player with val0 legs lost ? end 
PD: start what is the highest amount of legs won ? end 
GT: start what is the most legs lost of all ? end 
PD: start who is the parallel bars when the horse is val0 ? end 
GT: start if the floor number is val0 , what is the number for the parallel bars ? end 
PD: start what horse was horse val0 ? end 
GT: start if the parallel bars is val0 , who is the gymnast ? end 
PD: start how many parallel bars were there in the val0 horse ? end 
GT: start if the parallel bars is val0 , what is the total number of gymnasts ? end 
PD: start what horse was run when val0 , and had a penalty of val1 ? end 
GT: start if the horizontal bar is val1 and the floor is val0 , what is the number for the parallel bars ? end 
PD: start who is the stage winner for stage val0 ? end 
GT: start when val0 is the stage who is the points classification ? end 
PD: start what is the intermediate sprints classification red points classification of stage val0 , and the combativity award was val1 ? end 
GT: start when val1 is the   young rider classification and val0 is the points classification who are the general classifications ?   end 
PD: start who won the general classification in stage val0 ? end 
GT: start when   val0 is the general classification who is the winner ? end 
PD: start who is the winner of stage val0 ? end 
GT: start when val0 is the winner who is the points classification ? end 
PD: start who won the general classification in stage val0 ? end 
GT: start when val0 is the winner who is the general classification ?   end 
PD: start what is the lowest number of carriers when the number of discs is val0 ? end 
GT: start name the minimum number of reservoir for gnis query link where numbers lake gnis query link being val0 end 
PD: start what is the largest population in the val0 region ? end 
GT: start name the most numbers dam and gnis query link for borough or census area for val0 end 
PD: start what is the location of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the location for the club with the nickname the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the nickname of the manager who is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the code nickname where val0 is the coach ? end 
Batch 31 | Validation Loss 6.046474
PD: start what is the home ground(s for season val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the dates where val0 is the home grounds ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the val0 ? end 
GT: start for location val0 , what is the name of the captain ? end 
PD: start who is the captain of the val0 ? end 
GT: start with the nickname the val0 , what is the home ground ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the record when the opponent is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest numbered game ? end 
GT: start what is the minimum number of opponents ? end 
PD: start how many areas are there for the val0 area ? end 
GT: start when area ( km² ) is val0 , how many provinces are there ? end 
PD: start what province has an area of val0 km2 ? end 
GT: start when province is val0 , what is the area ( km² ) ? end 
PD: start how many areas are there for the val0 urban area ? end 
GT: start how many capitals are there when area ( km² ) is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the area of the city with an area of val0 ? end 
GT: start val0 has the area ( km² ) of ? end 
PD: start what is the mission when the mission is val0 ? end 
GT: start during what period were parliament val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the manager of val0 ? end 
GT: start what parliament 's name is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the candidate when the candidate is val0 ? end 
GT: start what number parliament held it 's election in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the party where the constituency is val0 ? end 
GT: start what period were conscituency contested is val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the manager of val0 ? end 
GT: start which parliament is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the finish of val0 ? end 
GT: start when val0 is eliminated what is the finish ? end 
PD: start what is the air date of the episode with val0 as andrew and channel 4 ? end 
GT: start how many rewards are there for air date val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the air date of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was eliminated on the air date of val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times did val0 air ? end 
GT: start how many air dates were there when val0 was eliminated ? end 
PD: start what is the abbr of val0 ? end 
GT: start when   val0 is the same target what is the unit ? end 
PD: start what is the spanish pluperfect when the ostrich is val0 ? end 
GT: start when val0 was the cause of loss what is the mission / target ? end 
PD: start what is the quantity preserved for the val0 ? end 
GT: start when val0 is the unit what is the b-52 model ? end 
PD: start what is the quantity preserved for the val0 ? end 
GT: start when val0 is the unit what is the b-52 model ? end 
PD: start what is the african spoonbill when the ostrich is val0 ? end 
GT: start when   val0 the capacity of the bomb what is the cause of loss ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest round that has val0 as the finals , and val1 as the name ? end 
GT: start name the least clubs involved for leagues being val0 for val1 end 
PD: start what is the round when the round is val0 ? end 
GT: start name the new entries this round for val0 end 
PD: start what is the round when the clubs remaining is val0 ? end 
GT: start name the leagues entering this round for val0 end 
PD: start what is the lowest number of fixtures ? end 
GT: start name the least clubs remaining end 
PD: start what is the music for series episode val0 , and the val1 ? end 
GT: start when val1 is the episode title and the music is by val0 who is the performer ? end 
PD: start how many times is the artist val0 ? end 
GT: start when val0 is the subject how many performers are there ? end 
PD: start what is the title of the val0 doctor ? end 
GT: start when val0 is the subject what is the episode title ? end 
PD: start who is the artist for the episode val0 ? end 
GT: start when val0 is the subject who are the lyrics by ? end 
PD: start how many episodes were numbered val0 ? end 
GT: start when val0 is the performer how many first aired are there ? end 
Batch 32 | Validation Loss 6.214147
PD: start how many sound engineers were there for the val0 ? end 
GT: start when val0 is the performer how many people is the music by ? end 
PD: start what is the rank of the company with val0 billion in profits ? end 
GT: start name the world rank for market value val0 end 
PD: start what is the market value in billions of the company with val0 billion in sales ? end 
GT: start name the market value for val0 end 
PD: start what is the market income per capita in the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the profits for market value of val0 end 
PD: start what is the market income of val0 billion in 2011 ? end 
GT: start name the industry for revenue being val0 end 
PD: start how many spanish other were founded in val0 ? end 
GT: start name the total number of industry for val0 end 
PD: start how many high rebounds were there on val0 ? end 
GT: start how many games with high rebounds where in val0 end 
PD: start what is the party preference for the val0 electorate ? end 
GT: start which institutes gave the democratic renewal val0 on a poll from october 6 , 1985 ? end 
PD: start what is the percentage of national votes for the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the number of seats to be won being % of popular vote at val0 end 
PD: start what is the percentage of votes for the candidate that had val0 seats ? end 
GT: start name the number of total votes for # of seats won being val0 end 
PD: start what is the percentage of national votes for the candidate that had val0 seats ? end 
GT: start name the number of candidates for # of seats won being val0 end 
PD: start how many times was presidential majority 2000/2004 recorded when the percentage percentage was val0 ? end 
GT: start name the number of leaders for % of popular vote being val0 end 
PD: start where was the val0 district ? end 
GT: start what is the location that has the val0 district ? end 
PD: start how many seats in the district of val0 was the runner - up ? end 
GT: start how many election results in 2012 had a cook pvi of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the penalty for the val0 g.a ? end 
GT: start what is the cook pvi for the location that has a representative of val0 ? end 
PD: start how many people have remittances in 2008 of val0 ? end 
GT: start how many locations have a median household income in 2011 of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the 2012 election results for locations whose representative is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the production code for episode val0 in the series ? end 
GT: start what is the latest season number for a show with a production code of val0 ? end 
PD: start how many episodes were there for the episode seen by val0 million people in the u.s . ? end 
GT: start how many u.s . air dates were from an episode in season val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times is the category val0 ? end 
GT: start how many different c_{high } values are there for the val0 category ? end 
PD: start what is the hangul / kanji of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the c_{high } when the c_{low } value is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest number of pakistanis admitted to canada when the val0 was val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the i_{high } value when c_{low } is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the hangul / kanji of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the c_{low } value when c_{high } is val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times is the category val0 ? end 
GT: start in how many different categories is the value of c_{low } val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the gagarin performer for the dance val0 ? end 
GT: start how many members were in the group that sold val0 albums and singles ? end 
PD: start what is the album namethat the val0 ? end 
GT: start what group had val0 studio albums ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest figure for val0 ? end 
GT: start when bergen is val0 , what is the alesund ? end 
PD: start how many times was the televote artist val0 ? end 
GT: start how many elverum are tehre for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total for val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the total for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest preliminary when the semifinal average is val0 ? end 
GT: start when oslo is val0 , what is stavanger ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest total ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest total ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest position for val0 ? end 
GT: start when the total score is val0 , what is tromso ? end 
Batch 33 | Validation Loss 5.531119
PD: start what is the group 's shareholding where the same - up is val0 ? end 
GT: start who played in group 8 when val0 played in group 12 ? end 
PD: start what is the group that has val0 as the group ? end 
GT: start who played in group 11 when val0 played in group 12 ? end 
PD: start what is the group that has val0 as the group ? end 
GT: start who played in group 12 when val0 played in group 10 ? end 
PD: start what is the group 's shareholding where the same meaning is val0 ? end 
GT: start when   val0 played in group 11 , who played in group 7 ? end 
PD: start how many times is the group val0 ? end 
GT: start val0 only played once while group 7 played . end 
PD: start what is the group 's shareholding where the same - up is val0 ? end 
GT: start who played in group 12 when group 9 played val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the largest number of artists ? end 
GT: start what is the longest number of weeks any 1 song was at number # 1 ? end 
PD: start what is the гә for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the title of every song , and how many weeks was each song at # 1 for val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the color commentator in val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the title of every song , and how many weeks was each song at # 1 for val1 in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the nhl team for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what nhl team was the player from val0 drafted for ? end 
PD: start what is the nhl team for the val0 ? end 
GT: start who came from the val0 team ? end 
PD: start how many picks did val0 have ? end 
GT: start how many players have the pick number val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the nationality of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the nationality of the player from the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the school / club team of the val0 player val1 ? end 
GT: start what team did val1 , on the val0 position , come from ? end 
PD: start what is the rank for the place that reached val0 ? end 
GT: start what place would you be in if your rank by average is less than val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the average score for the couple that had a val0 score ? end 
GT: start what is the couples name where the average is val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times is the total points val0 ? end 
GT: start if the total points is val0 , what is the total number of dances ? end 
PD: start what is the rank for the val0 ? end 
GT: start if your rank by average is val0 , what is the name of the couple ? end 
PD: start how many times was presidential majority 2000/2004 when the office ? end 
GT: start name the number of party for val0 end 
PD: start what is the party where the district is val0 ? end 
GT: start name the party for val0 end 
PD: start what was the result for the election where val1 was the incumbent ? end 
GT: start name the first elected for val0 and val1 end 
PD: start what is the party where the candidates is val0 ? end 
GT: start name the party for val0 end 
PD: start what was the result for the val0 district ? end 
GT: start name the result for val0 end 
PD: start what was the result of the election in the val0 district ?   end 
GT: start name the incumbent for val0 end 
PD: start what was the result of the election in the val0 district ?   end 
GT: start name the result for first elected being val0 end 
PD: start what district is val0 from ? end 
GT: start name the incumbent for val0 end 
PD: start how many times was the song val0 song val0 ? end 
GT: start name the number of song for val0 end 
PD: start how many times was the song val0 song val0 ? end 
GT: start name the number of song for val0 end 
PD: start what is the location of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what tournament is in val0 ? end 
PD: start how many years logged were founded in val0 ? end 
GT: start how many tournaments are also currently known as the val0 ? end 
PD: start how many years was the val0 val0 ? end 
GT: start how many defending champs from val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the opponent on val0 ? end 
GT: start name the opponent for val0 end 
Batch 34 | Validation Loss 4.979772
PD: start how many scores logged were there when the score was val0 ? end 
GT: start name the total number of date for   val0 end 
PD: start what is the most number of episodes that had val0 million viewers ? end 
GT: start name the most number for viewers being val0 end 
PD: start how many viewers were there for the episode with val0 million viewers ? end 
GT: start name the total number of viewers for audience share in timeslot for val0 end 
PD: start what is the broadcast date of the episode seen by val0 million viewers ? end 
GT: start name the timeslot for val0 viewers end 
PD: start what is the weekly rank for the episode that had val0 million viewers ? end 
GT: start name the uk air date for audience share in timeslot in val0 end 
PD: start how many episodes were numbered val0 ? end 
GT: start name the total number of timeslot for number val0 end 
PD: start what is the location of the school established in val0 ? end 
GT: start where 's the school that val0 is the principal of ? end 
PD: start how many values of r z in val0 ? end 
GT: start how many websites are there for the school with val0 students ? end 
PD: start what is the school in val0 ? end 
GT: start who 's the principal of val0?/ end 
PD: start what is the school in val0 ? end 
GT: start where is val0 ? end 
PD: start who had the pole position for the val0 ? end 
GT: start who was on the pole position in the val0 race ? end 
PD: start who had the fastest lap in the val0 where val1 was the pole position ? end 
GT: start who did the fastest lap in the race won by val1 , with val0 at the pole position ? end 
PD: start what is the report for the val0 in the val1 ? end 
GT: start what 's the report of the race won by val0 , with val1 driving the fastest lap ? end 
PD: start who was the pole position for the val0 at the val1 ? end 
GT: start who was at the pole position in the val1 , won by val0 ? end 
PD: start who directed the episode with production code val0 ? end 
GT: start who directed the episode with production code val0 ? end 
PD: start who directed the episode with production code val0 ? end 
GT: start who directed the episode with production code val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the torque of the val0 engine ? end 
GT: start what are the torque characteristics of the model made in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the engine for the val0 engine in val1 ? end 
GT: start what 's the compression ratio of the model with val0 rpo and val1 applications ? end 
PD: start what is the torque of the engine val0 ? end 
GT: start what are the torque characteristics of the model with val0 applications ? end 
PD: start who is the rider for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the name of the team who had a val0 motorcycle ? end 
PD: start what poles have val0 starts ? end 
GT: start what 's the number of poles in the season where the team had a val0 motorcycle ? end 
PD: start how many poles did val0 have ? end 
GT: start how many fastest laps did val0 have ? end 
PD: start what is the class of the val0 player with a val1 points ? end 
GT: start what 's val1 's , with val0 pts , class ? end 
PD: start what is the old galician ( reintegrationist )   with   name   being val0 end 
GT: start name the conventional for val0 end 
PD: start what is the chinese name for the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the uyghur for   val0 end 
PD: start what is the old galician ( reintegrationist )   with   name   being val0 end 
GT: start name the conventional for val0 end 
PD: start what is the pinyin for val0 ? end 
GT: start name the pinyin for val0 end 
PD: start what is the android with the val0 pinyin ? end 
GT: start name the pinyin for val0 end 
PD: start what is the pinyin for val0 ? end 
GT: start name the pinyin for   val0 end 
PD: start who is the rider when the top 10 is val0 ? end 
GT: start what team or teams with val0 in the top 10 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of wins for val0 position ? end 
GT: start how many wins in the val0 position ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance on val0 ? end 
GT: start what date was the attendance val0 ? end 
Batch 35 | Validation Loss 5.419813
PD: start what was the date of the game that had a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start what are the remarks for val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of # val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the res for the game against val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the # val0 ? end 
GT: start who was team # 1 on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the largest attendance at val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the largest attendance ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the player from val0 pba team ? end 
GT: start what position is the player who went to val0 ?   end 
PD: start what cfl team did val0 play for ? end 
GT: start which player is on the val0 ?   end 
PD: start what is the pick number for the college of val0 ? end 
GT: start what number picks were the players who went to val0 ?   end 
PD: start what is the episode # of the episode val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the title for episode val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the series # for season # val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the episode number for series val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the season premier date for season val0 ? end 
GT: start what season did val0 end up at rl süd ( 1st ) ? end 
PD: start who is the gagarin cup winner for the val0 ? end 
GT: start who was rl süd ( 1st ) when val0 was rl südwest ( 1st ) ? end 
PD: start what is the season finale for season val0 ? end 
GT: start what season was val0 the rl süd ( 2nd ) team ? end 
PD: start how many verbs mean val0 end 
GT: start name the total number of serial number for val0 wd no end 
PD: start how many verbs mean val0 end 
GT: start name the total number of wd number for lms number being val0 end 
PD: start what is the name of the locomotive with a val0 ? end 
GT: start name the builder for wd number being val0 end 
PD: start what is the build date for the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the lms number for serial number being val0 end 
PD: start what is the name of the locomotive with a val0 ? end 
GT: start name the builder for serial number being val0 end 
PD: start what is the title of the val0 realease ? end 
GT: start what is the the television order of val0 end 
PD: start who directed the val0 ? end 
GT: start who directed val0 end 
PD: start what is the original air date of the episode written by val0 , the series was directed by val2 , and an air date of val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the television order of the episode directed by val0 , written by val1 and originally aired on val2 end 
PD: start who wrote the story that has val0 ? end 
GT: start who wrote val0 end 
PD: start who directed the episode that aired on val0 that aired on val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the original air date of the episode directed by val0 and written by val1 ?   end 
PD: start what is the original air date of the episode titled val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the original air date for val0 ? end 
PD: start how many episodes were numbered val0 ? end 
GT: start how many people are guest 1 on episodes where guest 4 is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the guest 3 for episode # val0 ? end 
GT: start on episodes where guest 1 is val0 , who was guest 3 ? end 
PD: start what is the poles for more than val0 ? end 
GT: start how many points did he win in the race with more than val0 poles ? end 
PD: start what is the team for season val0 ? end 
GT: start what team did he compete for in the val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times was the track val0 ? end 
GT: start who took first place in week val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the unformatted capacity that has a val0 of val0 mw ? end 
GT: start what is the epa highway fuel economy for an val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the unformatted capacity that has a val0 of val0 mw ? end 
GT: start what vehicle has an epa highway fuel economy of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the percentage of votes for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what shareholder has val0 percent of votes ?   end 
PD: start what is the 2008 value of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what shareholder has val0 percent of capital ?   end 
Batch 36 | Validation Loss 5.882067
PD: start what is the largest number of seats in hamburgische bürgerschaft that has a % of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the s b share for the shareholder that has val0 percent of votes ?   end 
PD: start what is every value for % 75 + when the 2007 - 19 is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the percent of capital for the shareholder that has a s b share of val0 ?   end 
PD: start what is the lowest number of seats in hamburgische bürgerschaft with a % change of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the s b share for the shareholder that has val0 percent of votes ?   end 
PD: start what is the resale for the val0 f bolt ( kgf ) ? end 
GT: start what is the s b share for val0 ? end 
PD: start how many weight stats are there for the val0 , and the weight of val1 ? end 
GT: start how many age entries had a weight of val0 and an owner of val1 ? end 
PD: start what horse is val0 jockey val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the name that had a starting price of val0 and a jockey named val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the trainer with a time of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the name of the entrant with an owner named val0 ? end 
PD: start what kerry 's percentage when others got val0 and obama less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what percentage was the others vote when mccain had val0 and less than val1 voters ? end 
PD: start how many times was hancock when bush got val0 ? end 
GT: start how many numbers were recorded under obama when he had val0 voters ? end 
PD: start how many times was hancock when bush got val0 ? end 
GT: start how many numbers were recorded under mccain when obama had val0 voters ? end 
PD: start what percentage of the votes did mccain get in the county where val0 % of the votes ? end 
GT: start what were the number of voters mccain had when obama had val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the fewest number of votes for coakley in val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the number of others votes in val0 county ? end 
PD: start what percentage of the votes did mccain get in val0 ? end 
GT: start for val0 county , what was the obama vote percentage ? end 
PD: start what is the highest number of bush ? end 
GT: start what is the maximum mccain population turnout number ? end 
PD: start how many times was hancock when others got val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of mccain vote totals where obama percentages was val0 ? end 
PD: start what percentage of the votes did mccain get in val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the mccain vote percentage in val0 county ? end 
PD: start how many times is third place when the rank is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of 3rd place entries that have exactly val0 total placings ? end 
PD: start who is the gagarin kennel for the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many second place showings does val0 have ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent in game val0 ? end 
GT: start what game number did the wildcats play val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times did the cowboys have a record of val0 ? end 
GT: start how many wins or losses were there when the record was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest number of points for the val0 record ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest points scored by the wildcats when the record was val0 ? end 
PD: start how many years was the winner val0 and the won by val1 ? end 
GT: start when val1 is the runner up nad val0 came in third place how many overall winners are there ? end 
PD: start who was the winner in the season where val0 was the winner and val1 was the winner ? end 
GT: start when val1 came in third place and val0 was the winner what are the seasons ? end 
PD: start who was the winner in the val0 season and the third was val1 ? end 
GT: start when val1 came in third place and val0 was the winner who is the top scorer ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 version , which has a on val1 ? end 
GT: start name the naming for val0 and val1 comprehension end 
PD: start how many descriptions of val0 ? end 
GT: start name the number of naming for val0 end 
PD: start what is the netflow version when vendor is val0 ? end 
GT: start name the comprehension for val0 end 
PD: start what is the name of the diety software when the val0 is val0 ? end 
GT: start name the fluency for val0 end 
PD: start what is the spanish word for wine glass that contains val0 ? end 
GT: start state the name of day in english where cardinal direction is val0 end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of matches for val0 ? end 
GT: start when did val0 win the us open ? end 
PD: start what is the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what year did val0 win wimbledon ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest round number for val0 ? end 
GT: start what was val0 's earliest round ? end 
Batch 37 | Validation Loss 4.874864
PD: start how many players were val0 play for ? end 
GT: start how many nfl teams does val0 play for ? end 
PD: start what is the pick number for the val0 with a pick number of val1 ? end 
GT: start what nfl team was the player with pick number val0 drafted to ? end 
PD: start what is the area of the val0 townland ? end 
GT: start what is the area where barangay is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the regular season , when the conference is val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the regular season winner for the val0 conference ? end 
PD: start who was the winner in the val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the conference player of the year in the conference where val0 won the tournament ? end 
PD: start what is the conference , when the is val0 ? end 
GT: start where was the val0 conference tournament ? end 
PD: start how many times did val0 win the conference ? end 
GT: start how many players of the year are there in the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the margin of the val0 tournament ? end 
GT: start what is the venue and city where the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of points for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the pf for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the stolen ends for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total of blank ends at val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the winning percent for the val0 ? end 
GT: start where was the shot pct val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the player from val0 in a position of val1 ? end 
GT: start name the position for val0 end 
PD: start what is the maximum number of goals scored ? end 
GT: start name the mosst finals apps end 
PD: start what is the league apps for val0 with a total of val1 ? end 
GT: start name the to for val0 league apps end 
PD: start what is the series # of the episode written by val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the no in series when val0 were the writers ? end 
PD: start what is the title of the episode seen by val0 million people in the u.s . ? end 
GT: start what was the name of the episode that got val0 ( millions ) of u.s viewers ? end 
PD: start who directed the episode titled val0 ? end 
GT: start who were the directors of the episode called val0 ? end 
PD: start who wrote episode val0 in the series ? end 
GT: start in season number val0 ,   who were the writers ? end 
PD: start who wrote the episode that had val0 million u.s . viewers ? end 
GT: start when the writer is val0 , how many u.s viewers ( in millions ) had the episode ? end 
PD: start what is the methyl red reading for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the 100 year for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the methyl red reading for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the 20 year for val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the group 's rally when the val0 was the winner ? end 
GT: start what is the lifetime ( years ) for chemical formula val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the kitmaker when the 2007–08 is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the 500 year where 20 year is val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the kitmaker when the 2007–08 is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the 100 year when 500 year is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the methyl red reading for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the 20 year for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the ceased to be duke of girona that has a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the traditional form for val0 ? end 
PD: start how many different numbers of cantons are there for the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many figures are there for density for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the ceased to be duke of girona that has a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the traditional form for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the density of the group with a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the traditional with density of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the language of the val0 pinyin ? end 
GT: start what is the pinyin for the simplified val0 ? end 
PD: start how many people were in the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many areas have a population of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of episode # val0 ? end 
GT: start name the episode summary for val0 end 
Batch 38 | Validation Loss 6.262078
PD: start what is the name of episode # val0 ? end 
GT: start name the coach for   val0 end 
PD: start what is the name of episode # val0 ? end 
GT: start name the episode summary for val0 end 
PD: start what is the lowest episode number for the val0 season ? end 
GT: start name the least episode for val0 end 
PD: start what is the singapore cup when the league cup is val0 ? end 
GT: start name the episode for val0 end 
PD: start how many times is the background val0 ? end 
GT: start how many episodes have a premier date of val0 end 
PD: start what is the highest season ? end 
GT: start what is the newest season ? end 
PD: start how many times did val0 episode air ? end 
GT: start how many episodes have val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the episode # of the episode val0 ? end 
GT: start what the summary of episode val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest episode # val0 ? end 
GT: start which maximum episode premiered val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the singapore cup when the league cup is val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the coach for episode val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the copa libertadores 1996 of the season with a than val0 in the val1 arena ? end 
GT: start what coach premiered val0 later than episode val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest number of drawn for the val0 season ? end 
GT: start what was val0 's minimum season ? end 
PD: start how many seasons did val0 coach ? end 
GT: start how many seasons feature val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the result of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the stadium that had the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the percentage of buddhist when the net profit is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the y = 2008 when y = 2011 is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the percentage of buddhist when the reported birth rate is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the y = 2011 when the expression is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the percentage of buddhist when the net profit is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the y = 2011 when the y = 2010   is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the percentage of buddhist when the net profit is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the y = 2011 when the y = 2009 is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the percentage of buddhist when the reported birth rate is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the y = 2008 when the expression is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the percentage of buddhist when the reported birth rate is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is   the y = 2009 when the expression is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest amount of points for a player with val0 ? end 
GT: start name the most rr1 pts for val0 ranking end 
PD: start what team is val0 in ? end 
GT: start name the races for the val0 end 
PD: start what is the lowest points allowed for the team with val0 points ? end 
GT: start name the min total pts for val0 end 
PD: start what is the total of buddhist points when the rank is val0 ? end 
GT: start name the ranking for rr2 pts being val0 end 
PD: start how many times is the rr1 val0 ? end 
GT: start name the total number of rr2 pts for won being val0 end 
PD: start what is the bbm when the strike rate is val0 ? end 
GT: start what percentage is listed in column r1b1a2 ( r - m269 ) for the val0 r1b1c ( r - v88 ) ? end 
PD: start what is the language of the val0 val1 ? end 
GT: start what languages are spoken in val0 with r1b1c ( r - v88 ) of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the methyl red reading for val0 ? end 
GT: start what percentage is listed in column r1b1c ( r - v88 ) for the val0 total percentage ? end 
PD: start how many times is the till agra of val0 ? end 
GT: start how many n are listed for val0 r1b1a2 ( r - m269 ) ? end 
PD: start how many gics sectors have a free float of val0 ? end 
GT: start how many n are listed for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the largest number of passes for a strike rate of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the largest n value for val0 r1b1c4 ( r - v69 ) ? end 
PD: start what is the population density of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the seat of the rcm in the county that has a density of val0 ? end 
Batch 39 | Validation Loss 4.838358
PD: start what is the population density of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the seat of the county that has a density of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the population of the census with a population of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the land area for the rcm that has a population of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the population of the municipality with an area of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the rcm that has a density of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the population density of the val0 townland ? end 
GT: start what is the land area of the rcm having a density of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the percentage of buddhist when the total is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the withdrawal rate for the school district with a graduation rate of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the governors 1950 when the val0 district ? end 
GT: start where is the headquarter located for the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the rate in the rate where the percentage is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is their withdrawal rate for the school district with headquarters located in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the percentage of buddhist when the total is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the graduation rate for the school district with headquarters located in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the surface of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the surface for events held in val0 ? end 
PD: start how many opponents have a surface of val0 , and a partner of val1 , and a partner of val2 ? end 
GT: start what was the total number of matches that had an outcome of val0 , a partner of val1 , and a val2 surface ? end 
PD: start what is the outcome of the val0 tournament with a val1 surface ? end 
GT: start who were the opponents that led to an outcome of val0 on a val1 surface ? end 
PD: start how many episodes aired on val0 ? end 
GT: start how many times did episode val0 originally air ? end 
PD: start what is the production code for the episode seen by val0 million u.s . viewers ? end 
GT: start what is the production code for the episode that had val0 million viewers ( u.s . ) ? end 
PD: start who directed the episode val0 ? end 
GT: start what episode number was directed by val0 end 
PD: start what is the lowest u.s . viewers for the episode that had val0 million canadian viewers ? end 
GT: start what episode had val0 million viewers ( u.s . ) ? end 
PD: start who wrote the episode with production code val0 ? end 
GT: start who wrote the episode with the production code val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the status of the ceased to be heir ; reason is val0 ? end 
GT: start who are all successors when reason for change is val0 ? end 
PD: start what district is val0 assigned ? end 
GT: start what is every district for reason for change is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest division ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest division number ? end 
PD: start what is the playoffs of the val0 playoffs in val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the regular season name where they val0 for the playoffs in val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the league for val0 ? end 
GT: start what league was involved in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the largest number of division in any division ? end 
GT: start what is the highest number of divisions mentioned ? end 
PD: start what is the league for val0 ? end 
GT: start what league was involved in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the population in millions for the val0 ? end 
GT: start which administrative division had a population of 2011 according to the siak database of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the population density in 2011 for the province with val0 in population in 2011 ? end 
GT: start what is the population density of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the population in millions for the val0 ? end 
GT: start which administrative division had a 2011 population of val0 according to the siak database ? end 
PD: start what is the population in 2011 for the val0 district ? end 
GT: start what is the area of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the population density of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the population density of the administrative division with a population in 2010 of val0 according to the census ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the installation date in val0 ?   end 
PD: start what is the governors 1950 when the val0 is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the chapter for val0 ?   end 
PD: start what is the status of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what does the inactive state for val0 ?   end 
PD: start what is the resolution of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the installation date for the val0 chapter ? end 
Batch 40 | Validation Loss 4.865681
PD: start what is the total for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest when val0 is the stadium ? end 
PD: start what is the total when the bowler is val0 ? end 
GT: start how many match played have the highest as val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the team for the val0 ? end 
GT: start which team has a match played of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest when val0 is the team ? end 
PD: start what is the average for val0 ? end 
GT: start which team has val0 as the average ? end 
PD: start what is the series # of the episode written by val0 ? end 
GT: start what s the episode number in the season that was written by val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the series # for the episode that aired on val0 ? end 
GT: start what date was episode val0 in the season originally aired ? end 
PD: start who directed the episode titled val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the name of the episode that was directed by val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the   result   with   % catholic   being val0 end 
GT: start name the average grade for val0 end 
PD: start what is the group stage for the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the classification for val0 end 
PD: start what is the poles for val0 ? end 
GT: start what are the poles is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest year that has val0 as the year ? end 
GT: start what is the most recent year where the average start is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the start value for the val0 temperature ? end 
GT: start what are the racing teams for which the average finish is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what racing team / s had the val0 position ? end 
PD: start how many times is the lead val0 ? end 
GT: start how many teams finished in the top team with an average finish of val0 ? end 
PD: start how many years was the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many times was the opponent country val0 ?   end 
PD: start what was the date of the game that had a loss of val0 ? end 
GT: start what are the dates where the versus team is val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the runner - up in val0 ? end 
GT: start what championship was played in val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times were there for the partner val0 ? end 
GT: start how many different outcomes did the final with val0 as a partner have ? end 
PD: start how many times did val0 win the runner - up ? end 
GT: start how many different partners were played with during val0 ? end 
PD: start who directed the episode titled val0 ? end 
GT: start who directed val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the production code for the episode directed by val0 and production code val1 ? end 
GT: start what date was the episode originally aired that was directed by val0 and the production code is val1 ? end 
PD: start how many production codes have the production code val0 ? end 
GT: start how many production codes are there for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the production code for episode val0 in the series ? end 
GT: start what is the production code for episode val0 of the season ? end 
PD: start what is the notes for the val0 ? end 
GT: start which orchestra has a recording year of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the notes for the val0 ? end 
GT: start where is the orchestra when the year of recording is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the settlement destiny of the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the former codes for   val0 end 
PD: start how many times is the voting secondary val0 ? end 
GT: start name the total number for period of validity for val0 end 
PD: start what is the election date for the office of val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the winner of seat no 4 for the election on val0 end 
PD: start who is the head coach for the val0 ? end 
GT: start who is seat no 1 when the mayor was val0 end 
PD: start what is the group with val0 as the group and val1 as the group ? end 
GT: start who was seat no 6 when seat no 1 and seat no 5 were val0 and val1 end 
PD: start what is the election result for the val0 party and val1 as the electorate ? end 
GT: start which election had seat no 1 filled by val0 but seat no 5 was filled by val1 end 
Batch 41 | Validation Loss 4.440337
PD: start how many seasons have a val0 season and a val1 chassis ? end 
GT: start how many season did the team val1 with a gp of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the draw for the val0 season ? end 
GT: start what was the season where the team reached a gp of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest amount of yards with a val0 l ? end 
GT: start what was the maximum otl if l is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the largest result for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the highest sol where the team val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount l when the l is val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the minimum l if the ga is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest overall amount of the top 50 ? end 
GT: start what is the least amount of total medals won ? end 
PD: start who is the winning driver for the val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the driver for the winning team val0 ? end 
PD: start who had the fastest lap in the val0 ? end 
GT: start who has the fastest lap where val0 got the pole position ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of poles for val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the earlier round where val0 got the fastest lap ? end 
PD: start how many pole position was there when the winning team was val0 , and the circuit was val1 ? end 
GT: start how many drivers drove on val0 where val1 took pole position ? end 
PD: start who was the winner of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what date did the val0 win the match ? end 
PD: start how many times was the margin of val0 ? end 
GT: start how many games were won by a margin of val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the winner of the val0 ? end 
GT: start who won the match when the margin was val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the margin of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the margin of the match on val0 ? end 
PD: start what place has val0 as the place ? end 
GT: start where is the val0 venue located ? end 
PD: start what is the winning team in val0 ? end 
GT: start list all winning scores from val0 . end 
PD: start how many vacators were seated in the val0 district ? end 
GT: start how many vacators were in the val0 district ? end 
PD: start what is the district where the reason is val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the successor for the val0 district ? end 
PD: start what is the status of successor seated because val0 ? end 
GT: start name the date successor seated for val0 end 
PD: start what is the status of successor seated because val0 ? end 
GT: start name the date successor seated for val0 end 
PD: start what was the successor for the val0 district ? end 
GT: start name the date successor seated is val0 end 
PD: start how many times was the val0 val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the number of vacators when the successor was val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times was the voting val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of dates of successor formal installation when the vacator was val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times was the val0 val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of successors when the vacator was val0 end 
PD: start what is the date of birth of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what are all the states ( class ) when the successor was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the fineness of the val0 mission with a val1 of val1 ? end 
GT: start what are all the states ( class ) when the reason for change was val0 and the vacator was val1 ? end 
PD: start how many times was the successor seated because val0 ? end 
GT: start how many vacators have val0 as date successor seated ? end 
PD: start what was the successor for the val0 district ? end 
GT: start what is the date successor seated where val0 is the district ? end 
PD: start what is the status of the ceased to be heir ; reason is val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the successor when the reason for change is val0 end 
PD: start who was the vacator whre whre with   dbeingtrict   being val0 end 
GT: start which district has val0 as the vacator ? end 
PD: start what is the district where the reason is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the reason for change when val0 is the district ?   end 
PD: start who was the vacator whre whre with   dbeingtrict   being val0 end 
GT: start who is the vacator when val0 is the district ? end 
Batch 42 | Validation Loss 5.082040
PD: start what was the reason for change of val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the successor when val0 is the district ? end 
PD: start who was the vacator whre when the reason for change is val0 ? end 
GT: start name the vacator for reason for change val0 end 
PD: start what is the district where the reason is val0 ? end 
GT: start name the reason for change val0 end 
PD: start who was the vacator whre when the reason for change is val0 ? end 
GT: start name the vacator for val0 end 
PD: start how many times was the successor seated val0 ? end 
GT: start name the successor for val0 end 
PD: start what was the reason for change of val0 ? end 
GT: start name the successor for val0 end 
PD: start what was the successor for the val0 district ? end 
GT: start name the date successor seated for val0 end 
PD: start who wrote episode val0 in the series ? end 
GT: start who are the writer of the series episode number val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the series # for the episode seen by val0 million people in the u.s . ? end 
GT: start which is the   maximun serie episode number when the millions of north american spectators is val0 ? end 
PD: start how many episodes were directed by val0 ? end 
GT: start how many writers write the episode whose director is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the production code for the episode with production code val0 ? end 
GT: start which is the biggest production code ? end 
PD: start who wrote the episode with the production code val0 ? end 
GT: start who are the writers when the production code is val0 ? end 
PD: start who directed the episode titled val0 and written by val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the episode whose writer is val0 and the director is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest year for womens doubles val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the least year when men 's singles is val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times was the tournament against val0 ? end 
GT: start how many outcomes are listed when the final opponent was val0 ?   end 
PD: start what is the miles when the race is val0 ? end 
GT: start how many miles were driven in the race where the winner finished in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what date was the race in val0 run on ? end 
PD: start what year was val0 laps ? end 
GT: start what year had a race with val0 laps ? end 
PD: start how many times is the shuttle val0 and the acceleration 0–100 km/h ( 0–62 mph ) is val1 ? end 
GT: start how many races did val0 win at an average speed of val1 mph ? end 
PD: start what is the maximum number of clubs remaining for the val0 club ? end 
GT: start name the most pos for val0 club end 
PD: start what is the points for the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the points for val0 respect toward opponents end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of matches with val0 starts ? end 
GT: start name the pos for val0 end 
PD: start what is the highest number of matches for the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the most red / yellow cards for positive play being val0 end 
PD: start what is the name of the diety ) , when name is val0 ? end 
GT: start name the date of birth for val0 end 
PD: start what is the least number of episodes ? end 
GT: start name the least number end 
PD: start what arena does val0 play at ? end 
GT: start name the nationality for val0 end 
PD: start what is the lowest height in ft for the val0 peak ? end 
GT: start name the height for date of birth being val0 end 
PD: start how many times is the period val0 ? end 
GT: start how many points did player val0 score in the challenge cup ? end 
PD: start how many league cups for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is val0 's league number ? end 
PD: start how many numbers were recorded for the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what is val0 's player number end 
PD: start what is the lowest numbered bowl cup ? end 
GT: start what was the lowest number of points scored in the league cup ? end 
PD: start what was the date of the game that had a loss of val0 ? end 
GT: start when did the cowboys score val0 points in 1966 ? end 
Batch 43 | Validation Loss 4.672114
PD: start what was the record on val0 , when the record was val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the cowboys ' record for val0 , 1966 ? end 
PD: start who was the runner - up in the val0 season ? end 
GT: start who won the regular season when val0 won the tournament ? end 
PD: start what is the regular season , when the season is val0 ? end 
GT: start who won the tournament when val0 won the regular season ? end 
PD: start what is the regular season , when the conference is val0 ? end 
GT: start who won the regular season when val0 took place ? end 
PD: start what is the regular season , when the conference is val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the conference when val0 won the regular season ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent in the val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the tournament winner in the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the value for the val0 industry that has a net profit of val0 ? end 
GT: start which county had a val0 unemployment rate ? end 
PD: start what is the status of the val0 in 2009 ? end 
GT: start what is the status of the county that has a val0 poverty rate ? end 
PD: start what is the market income per capita where the market income per capita is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the market income per capita of the county with the val0 poverty rate ? end 
PD: start how many people have a population of val0 ? end 
GT: start how many status ' are there with a population of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the market income per capita in the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the status of the county with per capita market income of val0 ? end 
PD: start how many numbers were recorded under revenue in the spending per capita of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the unemployment rate for the county with a market income per capita of val0 ? end 
PD: start who wrote the episode with the production code val0 ? end 
GT: start list all who wrote for production code val0 . end 
PD: start how many episodes were directed by val0 ? end 
GT: start how many directors were there for the production code val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the episode that reached val0 million viewers ? end 
GT: start how many millions of people viewed val0 ? end 
PD: start who directed the episode that had val0 million viewers ? end 
GT: start list all directors from episodes with viewership of val0 million . end 
PD: start what is the original air date for production code val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the original air date for production code val0 ? end 
PD: start how many rounds were val0 in round val1 ? end 
GT: start how many rounds were there in the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the game against the val0 ? end 
GT: start where does the team play val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the game against the val0 ? end 
GT: start what team was the game on val0 played against ? end 
PD: start who had the high rebounds when the score was val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score of the game in which val0 did the high rebounds ? end 
PD: start who had the high assists on val1 ? end 
GT: start who did the high assists in the game played on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the record when the val0 played against ? end 
GT: start what was the record in the game against val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the most rebounds when the game is val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the highest game number for a game in which val0 did the high rebounds ? end 
PD: start who had the high assists when the series was val0 ? end 
GT: start when val0 is the series who has the highest amount of assists ? end 
PD: start who had the high points when the game was played in the val0 ? end 
GT: start when val0 is the game who has the highest amount of points ? end 
PD: start what is the team for season val0 ? end 
GT: start when val0 is the series who is the team ? end 
PD: start who had the high points on val0 ? end 
GT: start when val0 has the highest amount of points what is the date ? end 
PD: start what was the venue for the match held at val0 ? end 
GT: start name the audition city for val0 end 
PD: start what was the venue when the was the away team ? end 
GT: start name the callback date for val0 end 
PD: start how many episodes were numbered val0 in the season ? end 
GT: start name the guest judge for first audition date being val0 end 
PD: start how many times is the total val0 ? end 
GT: start name the total number of golden tickets being val0 end 
Batch 44 | Validation Loss 5.358613
PD: start what was the place of the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the golden ticket for val0 end 
PD: start what is the percentage of the candidate in val0 ? end 
GT: start name the k. r. narayanan values for val0 end 
PD: start what is the percentage of others when the candidate is val0 ? end 
GT: start name the kr narayanan votes for values being val0 for kr end 
PD: start what is the largest micro with a candidate with a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start name the most kr votes for value of each vote for val0 end 
PD: start how many times was hancock when starky was val0 ? end 
GT: start name the number of tn seshan values for kr values is val0 end 
PD: start what is the production code for episode val0 in the series ? end 
GT: start name the production code for number in season being val0 end 
PD: start who wrote the episode with production code val0 ? end 
GT: start name the production code by val0 end 
PD: start what is the maximum amount of rebounds for val0 ? end 
GT: start how many blockings occured in the game with val0 rebounds ? end 
PD: start what player is from val0 ? end 
GT: start for how long did val0 play ? end 
PD: start how many numbers were there for the player val0 ? end 
GT: start how much time , in minutes , did val0 play ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of steals for the qb with a val0 . ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest number of 3 pointers that occured in games with val0 steals ? end 
PD: start what is the fewest loses for the player with val0 solo tackles ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest number of games played by the player with val0 steals ? end 
PD: start how many years did val0 participate ? end 
GT: start what countries does val0 come from ? end 
PD: start how many premio are there for the nation where val0 finished third ? end 
GT: start how many times has a wrestler whose federation was val0 competed in this event ? end 
PD: start who is the contestant from the val0 ? end 
GT: start what are the rank / s of val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times is the gfr band val0 ? end 
GT: start how many times has a wrestler from the country of val0 wrestled in this event ? end 
PD: start what is the original air date of the episode titled val0 ? end 
GT: start name the original air date for val0 end 
PD: start who wrote episode val0 in the series ? end 
GT: start name who wrote number val0 end 
PD: start who wrote the episode with production code val0 ? end 
GT: start name who wrote val0 end 
PD: start who directed the episode written by val0 ? end 
GT: start name who wrote the episode directed by   val0 end 
PD: start how many years have a final score of val0 , and a score of val1 ? end 
GT: start name the number of year for val0 val1 surface end 
PD: start what is the surface of the championship where val0 was the championship ? end 
GT: start name the surface for val0 end 
PD: start what is the championship of the val0 on val1 ? end 
GT: start name the championship for val0 and val1 end 
PD: start what is the championship in val0 in val1 in val2 ? end 
GT: start name the year for val0 for val1 and val2 end 
PD: start how many times was the final score val0 ? end 
GT: start name the total number of opponent in the final for val0 end 
PD: start what is the championship championship in val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start what is every year where opponent in the final is val0 at val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the championship of the val0 in the val1 ? end 
GT: start what is every score in the final for opponent in final val0 at val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the surface of the match with a score of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is every surface with a score in the final of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of game val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score in game val0 ? end 
PD: start who had the high rebounds when the game was played at val0 ? end 
GT: start what were the amount of rebounds in game val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the location and attendance on val0 ? end 
GT: start on what date was the attendance at val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the record on val0 ? end 
GT: start what day was the record val0 ? end 
Batch 45 | Validation Loss 5.074764
PD: start how many teams have val0 points ? end 
GT: start how many people got high points in game val0 ? end 
PD: start who had the high points on val0 ? end 
GT: start who had the highest points on val0 ? end 
PD: start who had the high points when the high rebounds was val0 ? end 
GT: start who did the high rebounds in the game where val0 did the most high points ? end 
PD: start who had the high rebounds when the score was val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the end score of the game where val0 did the high rebounds ? end 
PD: start who had the high points when the attendance was val0 ? end 
GT: start where was the game in which val0 did the most high points played ? end 
PD: start who had the high assists when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start who had the most high assists with a record of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the record on val0 ? end 
GT: start when did the mavericks have a record of val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times was the sabres record val0 ? end 
GT: start list the stadium and number of people in attendance when the team record was val0 . end 
PD: start what is the highest game number with a record of val0 ? end 
GT: start how many games had been played when the mavericks had a val0 record ? end 
PD: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
GT: start name the date for score val0 end 
PD: start who had the high points when the attendance was val0 ? end 
GT: start name the high points for val0 end 
PD: start what was the record of the game against val0 ? end 
GT: start if the record is val0 , what is the team name ? end 
PD: start what is the highest game number with a record of val0 ? end 
GT: start if the record is val0 , what is the game maximum ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start if the record is val0 , what was the score ? end 
PD: start what was the date of game val0 ? end 
GT: start when was the game number val0 played ? end 
PD: start who had the high points when the attendance was val0 ? end 
GT: start where was the game in which val0 did the most high points played ? end 
PD: start who had the high rebounds when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the record in the game in which val0 did the most high rebounds ? end 
PD: start what is the team for val0 ? end 
GT: start name the team for val0 end 
PD: start what is the location attendance on val0 ? end 
GT: start name the location attendance for val0 end 
PD: start what is the lowest game number for val0 ? end 
GT: start name the least game for val0 end 
PD: start what is high assists , when location attendance is " val0 " , and when high rebounds is " val1 " ? end 
GT: start what location attendance has val0 as high assists and val1 as high rebounds ? end 
PD: start who had the high points when the attendance was val0 ? end 
GT: start who has high points when val0 is location attendance ? end 
PD: start who had the high points when the attendance was val0 ? end 
GT: start who has high points when val0 is location attendance ? end 
PD: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the score for the date of val0 ? end 
PD: start who had the high rebounds when the game was played at val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the number of the game in which val0 did the high rebounds ? end 
PD: start who had the high assists on val0 ? end 
GT: start when was the game in which val0 did the high assists played ? end 
PD: start how many games were listed under the high rebounds in game val0 ? end 
GT: start how many different high rebound results are there for the game number val0 ? end 
PD: start how many high assists were on val0 ? end 
GT: start how many different players did the most high assists on the val0 game ? end 
PD: start who had the high assists when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the record at the game where val0 did the high assists ? end 
PD: start what is the location attendance on val0 ? end 
GT: start where was the val0 game played ? end 
PD: start how many times did the high points when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start how many players did the most high points in the game with val0 record ? end 
PD: start who is the netflix episode that featured val0 as the away team ? end 
GT: start what is the broadcast date where jason 's team is val0 ? end 
Batch 46 | Validation Loss 5.169774
PD: start how many episodes were numbered val0 ? sean 's team ? end 
GT: start in how many episodes did sean 's team include val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the home team for the episode val0 ? end 
GT: start who was on jason 's team for the val0 episode ? end 
PD: start who is the home team when the is the val0 ? end 
GT: start who was on jason 's team in the episode where sean 's team was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the record for the val0 against val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the record where the locaiton is val0 and the opponent is val1 ? end 
PD: start how many locations did the val0 play ? end 
GT: start what is the number of opponents where the location is val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the record against the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the record where the opponent is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the aspect ratio for the val0 television service ? end 
GT: start if the channels is val0 , what is the horizontal order ? end 
PD: start what is the accreditation type of the val0 val1 ? end 
GT: start if the height order is val1 and the soundfield type is val0 , what are all the channels ? end 
PD: start what is the dma when the virtual is val0 ? end 
GT: start if the channels is val0 , what is the number of channels ? end 
PD: start what is the original air date of the episode titled val0 ? end 
GT: start when was the first broadcast of the episode titled val0 ? end 
PD: start how many millions of u.s . viewers watched the episode titled val0 ? end 
GT: start what are the titles of the episodes which had val0 million u.s . viewers ? end 
PD: start how many millions of u.s . viewers watched the episode titled val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the episodes which had val0 million u.s . viewers ? end 
PD: start who wrote the episode that had val0 million u.s . viewers ? end 
GT: start how many millions of viewers did the episode written by val0 ? end 
PD: start who wrote the episode titled val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the title of the episode / s written by val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest rank for the player with val0 rebounds ? end 
GT: start what is the total score when val0 is the average ranking ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which couple has val0 as a total score ? end 
PD: start what was the average score for the val0 dance ? end 
GT: start what is the average for the couple val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest attendance ? end 
GT: start what was the largest attended game ? end 
PD: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
GT: start what scores happened on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
GT: start what scores happened to be on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
GT: start what scores happened on val0 ? end 
PD: start how many episodes were directed by val0 ? end 
GT: start how many directed by have val0 as u.s . viewers   ( in millions ) ? end 
PD: start how many millions of u.s . viewers watched the episode titled val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the title when val0 is u.s . viewers ( in millions ) ?   end 
PD: start how many millions of u.s . viewers watched the episode titled val0 ? end 
GT: start how many u.s . viewers   ( in millions ) have val0 as the title ? end 
PD: start what is the original air date of the episode titled val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the original air date when val0 is the title ? end 
PD: start what is the least amount of points scored for the team that finished val0 ? end 
GT: start name the least new points for points defending is val0 end 
PD: start how many points for the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the number of points defending for val0 end 
PD: start what is points for , when points is val0 ? end 
GT: start name the points won for val0 end 
PD: start what is the status of the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the status for points val0 end 
PD: start what is the gecko value for the item that has a trident number of val0 ? end 
GT: start what are the numbers for the order number val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the quantity of the val0 ? end 
GT: start the numbers val0 are in which country ? end 
PD: start what is the place of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what country has the order number val0 ? end 
Batch 47 | Validation Loss 4.876760
PD: start what is the quantity preserved for val0 ? end 
GT: start the serial numbers val0 are in which country ? end 
PD: start what cover model has a launch date of val0 ? end 
GT: start the order number val0 has what serial number ? end 
PD: start how many times is the val0 val0 ? end 
GT: start how many railroads have the numbers val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the shield winnerin where the val0 is val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the name of val0 's victim ? end 
PD: start what is the set of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the name of the couple if the number of dances is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total when the score points is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the couple if the total points earned is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average number of points for the couple that averaged val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total points earned total number if the average is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average number of dances for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the number of dances total number if the average is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the height of the player who is val0 tall ? end 
GT: start name the player that is val0 m end 
PD: start what is the height of the player who is val0 ? end 
GT: start name the height of val0 end 
PD: start what is the height in meters for the val0 tall in meters ? end 
GT: start name the height for the player born val0 and height val1 end 
PD: start what is the height in ft for the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the height for the player born in val0 end 
PD: start what is the height of the player who is val0 ? end 
GT: start name the height for val0 end 
PD: start what is the original air date of the episode titled val0 ? end 
GT: start when did the episode titled val0 run for the first time ? end 
PD: start who directed the episode written by val0 ? end 
GT: start who wrote the episode whose director is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the original air date of the u.s . viewers is val0 million ? end 
GT: start when did the episode viewed by val0 millions of people in the us run for the first time ? end 
PD: start who directed the episode that val0 million u.s . viewers ? end 
GT: start what 's the name of the episode seen by val1 millions of people in the us , whose director is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total points for the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many points per game have the tournament val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total when the goals for is val0 ? end 
GT: start how may assists per game have val0 points per game ? end 
PD: start what is the total points for the goals against is val0 ? end 
GT: start how many games played have val0 as points per game ? end 
PD: start what is the total of rebounds for the player who had val0 rebounds ? end 
GT: start how many assists per game have val0 rebounds per game ? end 
PD: start what is the total of the player with val0 goals ? end 
GT: start how many assists per game in the tournament val0 ? end 
PD: start how many games were scored when the points were collected by val0 ? end 
GT: start how many games played have val0 points per game ? end 
PD: start what is the finish position for the val0 engine ? end 
GT: start what was the average finish the year bodine finished val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the year for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what position did he finish in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the start value for the val0 temperature ? end 
GT: start what team was bodine in when he had an average finish of val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times is the total period val0 ? end 
GT: start how many years did he have an average finish of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest week ? end 
GT: start what is the least value for week ? end 
PD: start how many people attended the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many values for attendance on the date of val0 ? end 
PD: start how many weeks have a date of val0 ? end 
GT: start how many dates for the week of val0 ? end 
PD: start how many people attended the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many values for attendance on the date of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player with a val0 2nd ? end 
GT: start what is the total 07 - 08 gp / jgp 2nd with the name val0 end 
Batch 48 | Validation Loss 6.193637
PD: start what is the highest amount of points for the val0 / g ? end 
GT: start 08 - 09 gp / jgp 2nd is val0 and ws points will be what maximum end 
PD: start what is the location of the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the owners 2009 for val0 end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the stacks for val0 end 
PD: start how many gics sectors have a free rate of val0 ? end 
GT: start name the number of stacks for val0 end 
PD: start how many different dates are there for the val0 in the val1 ? end 
GT: start name the number for service dates for val0 for val1 end 
PD: start what is the frequency of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what frequency does model val0 use ? end 
PD: start what is the netflow version with a val0 type ? end 
GT: start what brand is model val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the frequency of the engine with a val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the maximum memory speed for frequencies between val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the netflow version with a val0 type ? end 
GT: start what brand is model val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the frequency of the engine with val0 as the callsign , and val1 as the callsign ? end 
GT: start list the number of cores for val0 with frequencies between val1 . end 
PD: start what is the brand name for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what frequency does the val0 processor use ? end 
PD: start how many times was hancock when bush got val0 ? end 
GT: start how many different counts of the votes for bush are there in the county where he got val0 of the votes ? end 
PD: start what county has val0 listed in the county ? end 
GT: start what percentage of the votes in val0 did kerry win ? end 
PD: start what county has val0 listed in the county ? end 
GT: start what percentage of the people in val0 voted for bush ? end 
PD: start what kerry 's percentage when the candidate was val0 ? end 
GT: start what percentage of the votes were for others in the county where val0 people voted that way ? end 
PD: start what is the rich savage percentage in the poll where jody wagner at val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's percentage voted for busg in the county where kerry got val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the gore number for the candidate with val0 bush ? end 
GT: start how many people voted for kerry in the county where val0 voted for others ? end 
PD: start what is 31 may 2004 when 12:37.35 is val0 ? end 
GT: start when val0 is   3:34:14 what is the date on may 11th , 2008 ? end 
PD: start what is the run 2 of the athlete with a val0 record ? end 
GT: start when val0 is the world record who is the denis nizhegorodov ( rus ) ? end 
PD: start what is the 12::37.35 when hengelo ( kaz ) is val0 ? end 
GT: start when val0 is   3:34:14 what is cheboksary , russia ? end 
PD: start how many managers for val0 when the val1 were the opponent ? end 
GT: start how many incoming managers were there after val0 left the position for the val1 team ? end 
PD: start who was the team when the team was val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the table for the team val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of vacancy when the manager appointed on val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the date of appointment for incoming manager val1 and the team is val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the manager for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what team has an incoming manager named val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the vacancy when the val0 shows val0 , and the team is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the date of vacancy for the val1 team with a table named val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the manager appointed by val0 ? end 
GT: start when val0 is the replacer what is the manner of departure ? end 
PD: start what is the appointment day on val0 ? end 
GT: start when val0 is the team what is the date of appointment ? end 
PD: start how many years was the val0 tournament ? end 
GT: start when val0 is the year how many tournaments are there ? end 
PD: start how many years won when the to par was val0 ? end 
GT: start when val0 is the winner how many pars are there ? end 
PD: start who won the val0 ? end 
GT: start when val0 is the winner what is the margin of victory ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of money that won by val0 ? end 
GT: start when val0 is the winner what is the lowest winners share in dollars ? end 
PD: start how many universities are founded in val0 ? end 
GT: start how many entries are there for founded when the location was val0 ? end 
Batch 49 | Validation Loss 5.894979
PD: start what is the location of the school in val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the location for the team name of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the school established in val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the location when founded was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the affiliation of the school affiliated by val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the affiliation when the institution was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the institution located in val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the institution that was located is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the school in val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the location for the team name of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the original air date of the episode with val0 viewers ? end 
GT: start when did the episode that had val0 total viewers ( both live and sd types ) first air ? end 
PD: start what is the share for the 18 - 49 rating is val0 ? end 
GT: start how many total viewers ( combined live and sd ) watched the episode with a share of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the original air date of the episode with val0 ? end 
GT: start when did the fourth episode of the season ( val0 ) first air ? end 
PD: start what is the original air date of the episode with val0 rating ? end 
GT: start what are the " 18–49 rating live+sd " ratings and " live+7 " ratings , respectively , for the episode that originally aired on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the original air date of the episode with val0 viewers ? end 
GT: start when did the episode that had val0 total viewers ( live and sd types combined ) first air ? end 
PD: start who is the actor for the val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the leading actor in the film with a supporting actor named val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the studio where val0 is the storyteller ? end 
GT: start who was the supporting actress in " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the soap opera when the is the actor ? end 
GT: start who was the supporting actress in a film with val0 as the leading actress ? end 
PD: start what is the music for the val0 val1 ? end 
GT: start who was the leading actress in a film with val0 as the leading actor and also at the val1 oscars ? end 
PD: start who is the actor for the val0 film ? end 
GT: start which film had val0 as supporting actor ? end 
PD: start what is the year for the val0 ceremony ? end 
GT: start who was the supporting actress in val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times is the week val0 ? end 
GT: start how many episodes aired in sydney in week val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the region when the is val0 ? end 
GT: start how many viewers were there in sydney for the episode when there were val0 in melbourne ? end 
PD: start what was the result of week val0 ? end 
GT: start how many adelaide viewers were there in week val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the largest track that has a perpetrator of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest number of brisbane viewers ? end 
PD: start what is the largest track that has a perpetrator of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the rating in brisbane the week it was val0 in melbourne ?   end 
PD: start what week had a total of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the total rating on week val0 ?   end 
PD: start what is the lowest track that has a perpetrator of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the rating for brisbane the week that adelaide had val0 ? end 
PD: start who directed the episode that had val0 million u.s . viewers ? end 
GT: start how many millions of people in the us watched when val0 was director ? end 
PD: start what is the title of the episode seen by val0 million people in the u.s . ? end 
GT: start how many millions of people in the us watched the val0 episode ? end 
PD: start how many u.s . views were there for the episode seen by val0 million people in the us ? end 
GT: start how many episodes in the season had val0 million us viewers ? end 
PD: start who directed the episode titled val0 ? end 
GT: start who directed the episode val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the largest number of stumps in val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the maximum folded value of the team whose stadium is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the latest year for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the maximum founded year of the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the most number of episodes that were viewed by val0 million viewers ? end 
GT: start how many viewers were there for airdate is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the number of episodes in the series that has val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the   cable rank for episode no . val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the episode number of the episode in the episode val0 ? end 
GT: start where where the bbc three weekly ranking for episode no . val0 ? end 
Batch 50 | Validation Loss 5.183799
PD: start what is the rating for the episode that has a rating of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the cable rank for bbc three weekly ranking of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the air date of the episode that had val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the cable rank for the airdate of val0 ? end 
PD: start how many episodes were viewed by val0 ? end 
GT: start how many entries are shown for viewers when the airdate was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the race that has val0 as the constructor ? end 
GT: start what is the difficulty of the val0 circuit ? end 
PD: start how many times is the intergiro team val0 ? end 
GT: start how many instances is val0 the unlock ? end 
PD: start how many times is the val0 val0 ? end 
GT: start how many instances is the unlocked val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest number of the val0 circuit ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest unlock order for the val0 circuit ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the setting for the val0 difficulty ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 circuit ? end 
GT: start what are the conditions for the val0 circuit ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what team was he on when he finished in val0 position ? end 
PD: start what is the highest number of laps for val0 position ? end 
GT: start how many f / laps when he finished val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lap number for val0 ? end 
GT: start what team was he on when he had val0 f / laps ? end 
PD: start how many podiums did val0 have ? end 
GT: start how many podiums when he was in the val0 series ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the last title for val0 end 
PD: start what is the best title for the val0 season ? end 
GT: start name the first season in the series for val0 end 
PD: start what is the title of the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the last title for val0 end 
PD: start what is the stadium for the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the club for val0 end 
PD: start what is the last match for the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the most for first season in the serie a for val0 end 
PD: start how many times did val0 score ? end 
GT: start how many games had less than val0 goals scored ? end 
PD: start what is the pba of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start list the player that scored val0 times . end 
PD: start how many clubs were val0 ? end 
GT: start how many players are from the country of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start list the number of active years for val0 . end 
PD: start what is the season of the game with a season ? end 
GT: start what was the season when mls regular season was val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the head coach for the match where val0 was the gagarin cup ? end 
GT: start what was the mls cup playoffs when concacaf champions cup / concacaf champions league was val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times did val0 coach ? end 
GT: start how many mls cup playoffs where there for the mls regular season is val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the runner - up when the match where val0 was the gagarin cup ? end 
GT: start what was the lamar hunt u.s . open cup when concacaf champions cup / concacaf champions league was val0 and mls regular season was val1 ? end 
PD: start how many times did the season val0 ? end 
GT: start how many entries are there for season where mls regular season was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the playoffs for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the mls cup playoffs when the mls regular season was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the series # for the episode val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the series minimum if the season number is val0 ? end 
PD: start how many millions of spectator viewers watched the episode val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the amount of viewers if the series number is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the original air date of the episode with val0 million viewers ? end 
GT: start if the amount of viewers is val0 million , what is the original air date ? end 
PD: start who wrote episode val0 in the series ? end 
GT: start if the season number is val0 , who was the episode written by ? end 
Batch 51 | Validation Loss 5.333657
PD: start what is the largest money ( $ ) that is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the maximum money list rank for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest prize money for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the minimum money list rank for the players having a best finish of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of money that has val0 starts ? end 
GT: start what is the minimum number of starts for the players having a best finish of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of cuts made that have val0 as the player ? end 
GT: start what is the minimum number of cuts made for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the finish for the val0 season and the val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the profession of the celebrity who was featured on season val0 and finished val1 place ? end 
PD: start what was the outcome of the match with a score of val0 ? end 
GT: start when val0 is the outcome what is the score ? end 
PD: start what is the surface of the championship where val0 was the championship ? end 
GT: start when val0 is the championship what is the surface ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest year , when championship is val0 ? end 
GT: start when val0 is the championship what is the lowest year ? end 
PD: start what was the partner for the partner val0 ? end 
GT: start when val0 is the partner what is the outcome ? end 
PD: start what is the season finale for season val0 ? end 
GT: start when did they win val0 races ? end 
PD: start what is the points for rider val0 ? end 
GT: start what were the starts when the points dropped val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the fewest number of poles ? end 
GT: start what is the minimum amount of poles ? end 
PD: start what is the least amount of wins ? end 
GT: start what was the least amount of wins ? end 
PD: start how many different ppi are there for the model with val0 interior / roof ? end 
GT: start how many values for fab(nm ) if the model number is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the organism that has an val0 of val0 and an clock speed of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the value for congi core 1 if the code name is val0 and core clock(mhz ) is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the 11:00 with a 5:00 with val0 ? end 
GT: start what is every bus type for the texture of val0 ? end 
PD: start how many different fsb are there for the val0 model and val1 model number ? end 
GT: start how many values for bus width have a bandwidth of val0 and model number of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the android version when the model is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is every code name for the model val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times is the val0 val0 ? end 
GT: start what place is there a change of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the population density for the district with val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the density per km in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the population density for the district with val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the population per km in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the population per km2 in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the population density in val0 ? end 
PD: start how many years have a status of val0 , and an accreditation of val1 ? end 
GT: start how many years was val0 the high school principal and val1 the superintendent ? end 
PD: start what is the state , when state is val0 , when aam is val1 , and when city is val2 ? end 
GT: start who were the superintendent(s ) when the middle school principal was val0 , the gorham principal was val1 , and the year was val2 ? end 
PD: start what state is val0 in ? end 
GT: start who was the gorham principal in val0 ? end 
PD: start how many years was the athletic val0 ? end 
GT: start how many middlesex principals were there in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the accreditation level for the school of val0 ? end 
GT: start how many high school principals were there in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the accreditation secondary school year of the school that has val0 ? end 
GT: start who were the middle school principal(s ) in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the mountains classification for the general classification in the val0 stage ? end 
GT: start when val0 wins sprint classification and val1 wins most courageous , who wins youth classification ? end 
PD: start what is the mountains where the mountains classification is val0 ? end 
GT: start who won the mountains classification when val0 won most corageous ? end 
PD: start who won the young rider classification when combativity won the winner ? end 
GT: start when val0 won the general classification , who won the team calssification ? end 
Batch 52 | Validation Loss 5.830315
PD: start what is the stage with a 250 cc of val0 and a stage of val1 ? end 
GT: start when val0 won the youth classification and val1 won the most corageous , who won the sprint classification ? end 
PD: start what is the mountains where the mountains classification is val0 ? end 
GT: start when val0 won most corageous , who won the mountains classification ? end 
PD: start what is the intermediate sprints classification red sprints classification , when the winner is val0 , and when combativity is val1 ? end 
GT: start when val0 won the mountains classification , and val1 won the general classification , who won the sprint classification ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of winnings for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what the rank in the top 10 when the   winnings were val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the gdp world bank usd in millions for the year where ppp is val0 ? end 
GT: start when the gdp ( ppp , in billions of current international dollars ) is val0 , what is the maximum ppp gdp per emissions ( in international dollars per ton ) ? end 
PD: start what is the highest nominal ( nominal ) ( million usd ) of the country that has a gdp per capita ( € ) of val0 ? end 
GT: start when the gdp per emissions ( in us dollars per ton ) is val0 , what is the maximum annual co2 emissions ( in thousands of metric tons ) ? end 
PD: start what is the country where the net capacity is val0 ? end 
GT: start when the annual co2 emissions ( in thousands of metric tons ) is val0 , what is the country ? end 
PD: start what is the highest nominal ( nominal ) ( million usd ) of the country that has a gdp per capita ( € ) of val0 ? end 
GT: start when the gdp ( current , in billions of us dollars ) is val0 , what is the gdp ? end 
PD: start what is the nhl team with a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start what pick number did the val0 get ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what was val0 's pick # ? end 
PD: start what is the highest pick number for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest pick number the val0 got ? end 
PD: start what nhl team picked val0 ? end 
GT: start which player did the val0 pick ? end 
PD: start how many positions did 1972 nhl draft pick val0 play ? end 
GT: start how many players did the val0 pick ? end 
PD: start what regular season year , when regular season is val0 ? end 
GT: start mame the reg season for val0 end 
PD: start what is the league for val0 ? end 
GT: start name the league for val0 end 
PD: start how many playoffs cups for regular season of val0 ? end 
GT: start name the number of playoffs for val0 end 
PD: start how many universities did val0 attend ? end 
GT: start name the total number of years for val0 end 
PD: start what is the league for the val0 playoffs ? end 
GT: start name the playoffs for   val0 end 
PD: start what is the position of the player with val0 points ? end 
GT: start what position did the driver earn val0 points ? end 
PD: start what is the series when the driver is val0 ? end 
GT: start in what series did val0 drive ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of winnings for the val0 position ? end 
GT: start in what position was the driver who won val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of winnings for the val0 position ? end 
GT: start in what position was the driver who won val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the winnings of the val0 ? end 
GT: start how much did val0 win ? end 
PD: start what is the winnings of the val0 ? end 
GT: start how much did val0 win ? end 
PD: start what is the webkit version when the minor version is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the special edition for the english version of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the webkit version when the minor version is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the special edition where the english version is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the webkit version when the minor version is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the english version that is buena vista edition is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the character book in the val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the character where the special edition is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the host city for the val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the buena vista edidtion where special edition is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest number of runners - up for the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many contestants were there when the runner - up was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest number of runners - up for the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many contestants were there when the runner - up was val0 ?   end 
PD: start what is the most recent season winner with a season finale of val0 ? end 
GT: start in what season was the winner val0 ? end 
Batch 53 | Validation Loss 5.712268
PD: start who was the winner in the val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the winner when val0 finished in 3rd place ?   end 
PD: start who is the series winner in val0 ? end 
GT: start in what season did val0 finish in third place ? end 
PD: start who was the winner in the val0 ? end 
GT: start who finished in third place when the winner was val0 ?   end 
PD: start what is the frequency of the val0 ? end 
GT: start list the branding name for channel val0 . end 
PD: start what is the frequency of val0 ? end 
GT: start which area did val0 provide coverage for ? end 
PD: start what is the declination ( j2000 ) when the dbm is val0 ? end 
GT: start list the power output for val0 .   end 
PD: start what is the branding for the callsign val0 ? end 
GT: start list the branding for val0 . end 
PD: start what is the power of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the power output for channel val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the callsign of val0 ? end 
GT: start which city did val0 provide coverage for ? end 
PD: start what is the highest year of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the maximum renewable energy ( gw×h ) for the state of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the year of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which state has val0 ( gw×h ) of renewable energy without hydrogen power?wha end 
PD: start what is the lowest dye absoprtion when the renewable power is val0 ? end 
GT: start when renewable electricity is val0 ( gw×h ) what is the minimum amount of renewable elecrrixity without hydrogen power ? end 
PD: start what is the fixed charge for the user with val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the amount of renewable electricity without hydrogen power when the percentage of renewable energy is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which states have renewable electricity equal to val0 ( gw×h ) ? end 
PD: start what is the sn / sb percentage in val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the percentage of renewable electricity without hydrogen power in the state of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the june 10 - 11 when the same [ b is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is shown for   august 21 - 22 when november 3 is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the june 14 , march 27 - 29 where mexico stat is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the number for march 27 - 29 whern november 3 is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the june 10 - 11 when june 10 - 11 is val0 ? end 
GT: start what number is shown for january 15 - 16 when november 3 is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the june 10 - 11 when june 10 - 11 is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is shown for november 3 when june 10 - 11 is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the june 14 , march 27 - 29 where mexico stat is val0 ? end 
GT: start   november 3 where march 27 - 29 is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the june 10 - 11 when june 10 - 11 is val0 ? end 
GT: start what number is shown for november 3 where january 15 - 16 is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 version , which has a val1 of val0 ? end 
GT: start what year were outputs is val0 and notes is val1 released ? end 
PD: start how many times is the jewel val0 ? end 
GT: start how many outputs are there for val0 listed in notes ? end 
PD: start what is the producer for the val0 book ? end 
GT: start who sang for the movie val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the music for the val0 progran val1 ? end 
GT: start what movie did val0 co - star in and val1 write the lyrics ? end 
PD: start what is the latest year that val0 was directed ? end 
GT: start what year did val0 direct the music ? end 
PD: start how many times did val0 jump end 
GT: start how many co - singers were there when val0 co - starred ? end 
PD: start what is the music for the episode val0 ? end 
GT: start what movie did val0 co - star in ? end 
PD: start what is the best score for the val0 season ? end 
GT: start who wrote the lyrics when val0 co - starred ? end 
PD: start what is the original air date of the episode titled val0 ? end 
GT: start when did the episode   val0 air ? end 
PD: start what is the title of episode # val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the episode number of   val0 end 
PD: start what is the original air date of the episode titled val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the original air date of val0 ? end 
Batch 54 | Validation Loss 5.080765
PD: start how many episodes were titled val0 ? end 
GT: start how many episodes are written by val0 ? end 
PD: start who wrote the episode titled val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the title of the episode written by val0 ? end 
PD: start how many millions of spectator viewers watched the episode val0 ? end 
GT: start how many viewers ( in millions ) did episode val0 have ? end 
PD: start how many games were played by the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start how many games played catagories are there for val0 ?   end 
PD: start how many times did val0 have when he had val0 assists ? end 
GT: start how many numbers belong to the player with val0 assists ?   end 
PD: start how many points were scored when the player was val0 ? end 
GT: start how many names are listed for the player with val0 points ? end 
PD: start what is the type of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what type of school is in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the year for the institution named val0 ? end 
GT: start when was val0 founded ? end 
PD: start how many people commentated for the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many f.l . are listed for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest poles ? end 
GT: start what are the most poles listed ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest podiums ? end 
GT: start what is the least amount of podiums ? end 
PD: start how many points did val0 score ? end 
GT: start how many points does val0 have ? end 
PD: start what is the dominate religion in the val0 area ? end 
GT: start what are all the vicinity ( km² ) where profits magnificence ( 2007 ) is val0 end 
PD: start what is the enrollment of the val0 in the val0 ? end 
GT: start what are all the profits elegance ( 2007 ) in which mayor is val0 end 
PD: start how many people live in the 2010 census val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total quantity of populace ( 2010 ) where location ( km² ) is val0 end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what are all the metropolis / municipality where mayor is val0 end 
PD: start qhat who is the   for the val0 ? end 
GT: start which racing boat had a corrected time of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sail number for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the number of the sail with an overall length of val0 ? end 
PD: start qhat who is the   ) that has val0 as the athlete ? end 
GT: start what is the ranking for val0 val1 racing boat .   end 
PD: start what is the loa ( metres ) for the boat with a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the overall length of sail for the boat with a correct time of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the series # for the episode directed by val0 ? end 
GT: start name the most number in season for val0 end 
PD: start who directed the episode with production code val0 ? end 
GT: start name who directed the production code val0 end 
PD: start who wrote the episode with the production code val0 ? end 
GT: start name the production code for val0 end 
PD: start what is the original air date for production code val0 ? end 
GT: start name the original air date for production code val0 end 
PD: start what is the coinage metal for the val0 charter ? end 
GT: start what is the ethnic majority in the only val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the cyrillic name for the settlement of val0 ? end 
GT: start how to you write   val0 with the latin alphabet ? end 
PD: start what is the cyrillic name for the settlement of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the second way of writting val0 . end 
PD: start what is the lowest population(2011 ) ? end 
GT: start what is the smallest population listed ? end 
PD: start what is the settlement destiny of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what type of settlement is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the cyrillic name for the settlement of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the largest ethnic group of the settlement with the cyrillic name of val0 ? end 
PD: start how many different values of male rep has val0 ? end 
GT: start how many dominant religions are in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the cyrillic name for the settlement of val0 ? end 
GT: start which settlement has the cyrillic name val0 ?   end 
Batch 55 | Validation Loss 4.879920
PD: start what is the cyrillic name for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the cyrillic and other name of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the external weapon of the val0 settlement ? end 
GT: start what is the dominant religion in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the cyrillic name for the settlement with val0 population in 2011 ? end 
GT: start what is the population in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the cyrillic name for the settlement with val0 population in 2011 ? end 
GT: start what are the cyrillic and other names of the settlement whose population is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the population in 2011 of the settlement with a val0 type ? end 
GT: start what type of settlement has a population of val0 ? end 
PD: start how many states are there in the settlement with val0 village of val0 ? end 
GT: start how many settlements are named val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the cyrillic name for the settlement with val0 population in 2011 ? end 
GT: start what town has the population of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the cyrillic name for the settlement of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the ethnic group is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the cyrillic name for the settlement with val0 population in 2011 ? end 
GT: start the pooulation of val0 is ? end 
PD: start what is the settlement in val0 ? end 
GT: start what kind of type is   val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the dominate religion in the val0 ? end 
GT: start the population is val0 's dominant religion is ? end 
PD: start what is the cyrillic name for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the val0 village known as in cyrillic ? end 
PD: start what is the measure of the measure that has val0 ? end 
GT: start who had val0 yes votes end 
PD: start what is the highest measure number when the electorate is val0 ? end 
GT: start how many yes votes made up val0 yes ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest electorate for val0 ? end 
GT: start how many no votes were there when there were val0 yes votes end 
PD: start what is the link of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the measure number for the val0 type ?   end 
PD: start what player has val0 points and val1 points ? end 
GT: start name the points for val0 end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of touchdowns for the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the least touchdowns for val0 end 
PD: start what is the title of the episode that aired on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the us airdate of val0 ? end 
PD: start how many production codes does the episode titled val0 have ? end 
GT: start how many titles had production code val0 ? end 
PD: start who directed the episode with production code val0 ? end 
GT: start who directed the episode with production code val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the series # of the episode titled val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the series episode number of the episode titled val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the title of the episode with val0 million u.s . viewers ? end 
GT: start which episode had val0 million viewers in the u.s . ? end 
PD: start who directed the episode with production code val0 ? end 
GT: start who directed the episode with production code val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the original air date of the episode titled val0 ? end 
GT: start what date did val0 originally air ? end 
PD: start who wrote the episode with the production code val0 ? end 
GT: start who wrote the episode with val0 as the production code ? end 
PD: start what is the most recent year for the episode val0 ? end 
GT: start what episode number in the season is titled val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest number of peak for the val0 peak ? end 
GT: start if there are val0 lifts , what is the base elevation ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player that has a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start if there are val0 lifts , what is the name of the ski resort ? end 
PD: start what is the height for the val0 ? end 
GT: start if the name is val0 , what is the top elevation ? end 
PD: start how many visitors were run in the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many resorts have val0 runs ? end 
PD: start what is the largest amount of spikes for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the snowfall for ski resort val0 ? end 
Batch 56 | Validation Loss 4.687949
PD: start what is the highest poles with val0 points ? end 
GT: start name the most poles for val0 points end 
PD: start what is the 500 cc with a 250 cc of val0 ? end 
GT: start name the points for car number val0 end 
PD: start what is the position of the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the position for val0 end 
PD: start what is the series when the points is val0 ? end 
GT: start name the series for val0 end 
PD: start how many times is the weight ( kg / s ) val0 ? end 
GT: start how man teams had a total weight of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the weight of the weight is val0 ? end 
GT: start list the weight for val0 kilograms . end 
PD: start what is the weight of the val0 ? end 
GT: start list the weight for val0 kilograms . end 
PD: start what is the percentage of votes for coakley in val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the loss / gain when the votes -cast was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the win percentage when the candidate was val0 ? end 
GT: start who as the candidate when the result - % was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the constituency of constituency val0 ? end 
GT: start how many votes were cast when the constituency was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the win percentage when the candidate was val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the candidate when the result - % was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the division in the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the loss / gain when the affiliation was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the party where the party is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is every affiliation for candidate val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the constituency of constituency val0 ? end 
GT: start what is every candidate for the val0 constituency ? end 
PD: start what is the maximum number of constituency in the val0 constituency ? end 
GT: start what is the largest vote result for the val0 constituency ? end 
PD: start what is the maximum   % whre with   candidates   being val0 end 
GT: start what is the largest vote result if loss / gain is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the party of constituency val0 ? end 
GT: start what is every affiliation for the val0 constituency ? end 
PD: start how many electorates are there for the val0 constituency ? end 
GT: start how many values for constituency for the vote result of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest number of passes for val0 ? end 
GT: start if the locale is val0 , what is the w minimum ? end 
PD: start how many times is the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start if the skip is val0 , what is the pf total number ? end 
PD: start how many episodes were numbered val0 ? end 
GT: start how many runtimes does episode val0 have ? end 
PD: start what is the air date of the val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the cast on the val0 episode ? end 
PD: start what is the french title for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what movie did val0 star in ? end 
PD: start what is the branding for the callsign val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the branding of the callsign val0 ? end 
PD: start how many power kw does the val0 have ? end 
GT: start how many brandings are there where the power kw ( erp ) is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the branding for the callsign val0 ? end 
GT: start the callsign val0 has what branding ?   end 
PD: start what is the power of kw when the launch date is val0 ? end 
GT: start the location ( transmitter site ) val0 has what power kw ( erp ) ? end 
PD: start what is the frequency of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the station type for the branding val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the winning driver for the val0 circuit ? end 
GT: start who are all winning drivers if winning team is val0 and circuit is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 race ? end 
GT: start what is every date of val0 as winning driver ? end 
PD: start who was the pole position for the val0 at the val1 ? end 
GT: start what is every pole position for the val0 circuit and val1 is the winning driver ? end 
PD: start how many races did val0 achieved the fastest lap ? end 
GT: start how many rounds have val0 for fastest lap ? end 
Batch 57 | Validation Loss 5.782104
PD: start how many pole position was there when the pole position was val0 ? end 
GT: start how many pole positions for round val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player with a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is ahli when ramtha is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the record for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is faisaly when wehdat is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the element when the val0 is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is orthodoxy when x is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player with a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is x when faisaly is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player with a val0 of val0 and a conmebol of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is ramtha when jeel is val0 and hussein is val0 ? end 
PD: start who directed the episode titled val0 ? end 
GT: start name the title of the episode that val0 directed . end 
PD: start what is the lowest numbered episode in the series ? end 
GT: start the first episode in this season had what number in the series ?   end 
PD: start who wrote the episode that aired on val0 ? end 
GT: start the episode with original air date val0 is written by who ? end 
PD: start what is the original air date for production code val0 ? end 
GT: start the episode with the original air date val0 , has what production code ? end 
PD: start what is the original air date of the episode titled val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the title of the episode with the original air date val0 ? end 
PD: start who wrote episode number val0 in the series ? end 
GT: start what is the season number of the episode written by val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the original air date of the episode titled val0 ? end 
GT: start the episode with the title val0 has what original air date ? end 
PD: start who directed the episode with production code val0 ? end 
GT: start the episode with the production code val0 is directed by who ? end 
PD: start what type of school is val0 ? end 
GT: start which institutions can be categorized as val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the state with an institution of val0 ? end 
GT: start in val0 , which of the institutions joined ? end 
PD: start what type of school is val0 ? end 
GT: start which categories fit under the institution val0 ? end 
PD: start how many states was founded in val0 ? end 
GT: start in val0 , how many institutions were created ? end 
PD: start how many times is the nickname val0 ? end 
GT: start how many categories fall under the category of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the largest founded with val0 ? end 
GT: start under val0 , which is the most possible created ? end 
PD: start how many states have an area of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the population density for the city of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest population of 2011 census ? end 
GT: start what was the smallist population in 2010 ? end 
PD: start what is the administrative capital for the population density of val0 ? end 
GT: start list the population density per kilometer for the city of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the administrative capital for the population density of val0 ? end 
GT: start list the population density per kilometer for the city of val0 . end 
PD: start what is the enrollment for the institution that is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the enrollment for val0 university ? end 
PD: start what is the largest founded ? end 
GT: start which founding year corresponds with the highest enrollment ?   end 
PD: start what is the lowest number of students from the val0 ? end 
GT: start which year did enrolled val0 members leave ? end 
PD: start what is the type of the school in val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the type of institution in val0 state university ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the val0 ? end 
GT: start in the championship val0 , what is the score in the final ? end 
PD: start what was the surface of the val0 final ? end 
GT: start val0 is the opponent in the final on what surface ? end 
PD: start what championship was played against val0 ? end 
GT: start in the championship val0 , who are the opponents in the final ? end 
PD: start what championship was played against val0 ? end 
GT: start val0 is the opponent in the final in what championship ? end 
Batch 58 | Validation Loss 4.974772
PD: start how many dates are listed for the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many championships are there on the date val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the outcome of the match with a val0 surface and a val1 of val1 ? end 
GT: start where the outcome is val0 and surface is val1 , what is the no . ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the game at val0 ? end 
GT: start on the date val0 , what is the no . ? end 
PD: start what was the championship of the match with a score of val0 ? end 
GT: start where is the championship where val0 is the score in the final ? end 
PD: start what was the final score of the match against val0 ? end 
GT: start when the   score in the final is val0 , who are all the opponents in the final ? end 
PD: start what was the surface of the match with a score of val0 ? end 
GT: start the score in the final is val0 , on what surface ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the val0 ? end 
GT: start the original artist val0 has what result ? end 
PD: start what is the number of the character val0 ? end 
GT: start in which episode is the order number val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the original artist of the artist val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the original artist of the song choice val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the theme when the musical guest artist is val0 ? end 
GT: start the song choice val0 has what themes ? end 
PD: start what is the artist for the val0 ? end 
GT: start in episode val0 , what are the themes ? end 
PD: start what is the theme when the musical guest artist is val0 ? end 
GT: start the theme val0 	 has what song choice ? end 
PD: start what is the result for the val0 song ? end 
GT: start what are all the topic wherein music preference is val0 end 
PD: start what is the theme when the printing process is val0 ? end 
GT: start what are all the week # where subject matter is val0 end 
PD: start what is the original performer for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what are all of the order # where authentic artist is val0 end 
PD: start what is the result for the song val0 ? end 
GT: start what are all the results of songs is val0 end 
PD: start what is the hometown of the player who is hometown of val0 ? end 
GT: start name the represents for val0 end 
PD: start what is the largest amount of miss international ? end 
GT: start name the most age end 
PD: start how many 5wi were admitted when the average score was val0 ? end 
GT: start name the total number of represents for val0 end 
PD: start what is the minimum   total deaths   with   international tourism   being val0 end 
GT: start name the least age for val0 end 
PD: start what is the height ft for the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the represents for val0 cm end 
PD: start how many rounds were there for the race that val0 ? end 
GT: start in how many rounds was race val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the grand prix with val0 as the winner ? end 
GT: start what team won race val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the südbayern for val0 ? end 
GT: start who was his partner in val0 ?   end 
PD: start what was the partner for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the surface when he played with val0 ?   end 
PD: start what was the final score of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the final score in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the nickname of the school in val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the nickname of the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the largest number of students ? end 
GT: start what is the maximum enrollment of the schools ? end 
PD: start what is the largest number for the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many public is there for the couple that got val0 ? end 
PD: start what was emma bunton 's score when she bunton is val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the result for the total of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest number of seats in val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the maximum rank for the vote percentage of val0 end 
PD: start what was the result of the val0 season ? end 
GT: start how many judges were there for the val0 couple ?   end 
Batch 59 | Validation Loss 5.313103
PD: start how many times was presidential majority 2000/2004 when the percentage percentage of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the number of public that was there when the vote percentage was val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times was the vote percentage val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the total number when the vote percentage was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest capacity ( mw ) , when the location is val0 , and when the capacity ( mw ) is val1 ? end 
GT: start what year was val0 operational at val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the capacity of the val0 , anval0 ? end 
GT: start what farm has a capacity of val0 and is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the largest city of the unit with a val0 reactor ? end 
GT: start what locations are considered val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the unformatted capacity that has a jyutping of val0 ? end 
GT: start what all capacities have turbines between val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the unformatted capacity that has a val0 of val0 mw , and a val1 paid of val1 ? end 
GT: start what all turbines have a capacity of val1 and have a val0 location ? end 
PD: start what is the methyl red reading for the val0 that produced val0 in it ? end 
GT: start if the peak reached is val0 , what is the entered ? end 
PD: start what is the highest chart of the val0 peak ? end 
GT: start if the peak is val0 , how many weeks was it in the top 10 ? end 
PD: start what is the compression ratio whre with   val0 and a val1 of val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the peak reached for a single with val1 weeks in the top 10 and entered in val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times was the runner - up val0 ? end 
GT: start how many games had val0 as the runner up ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of points for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the fewest recorded entrants against val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the portuguese pluperfect when the french name is val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the relationship to monarch of the heir val0 ? end 
PD: start how many stamps have a val0 background and val1 as the mission ? end 
GT: start how many reaval0s did the val0 and heir val1 has when he ceased to be heir ? end 
PD: start what is the teaching language for the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the member countries for val0 end 
PD: start what is the area of the corporation with a val0 ? end 
GT: start name the area for val0 end 
PD: start what is the population of buddhist population with a population of val0 ? end 
GT: start name the population for val0 languages end 
PD: start what is the patient portrayer of the episode with a production code val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the production code for the episode where the patient portrayer is val0 ? end 
PD: start who wrote the episode with the production code val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the writter for the   episode identified by the production code val0 ? end 
PD: start who wrote the episode titled val0 ? end 
GT: start who were the writers for the episode titled val0 ? end 
PD: start how many episodes were directed by val0 and written by val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of patient portayers for the episode directed by val0 and written by val1 ? end 
PD: start who directed the episode with production code val0 ? end 
GT: start who directed the episode with production code val0 ? end 
PD: start how many numbers of episodes were run on val0 ? end 
GT: start how many episodes are numbered val0 in the season ? end 
PD: start what is the title of episode val0 ? end 
GT: start what numbered episode is titled val0 ? end 
PD: start who wrote episode val0 ? end 
GT: start who wrote episode number val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest number of episodes in the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest numbered episode with patient portrayer val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest episode number for the episode titled val0 ? end 
GT: start what season was the episode val0 in ? end 
PD: start who wrote episode val0 in the series ? end 
GT: start what number(s ) in the series was written by val0 ? end 
PD: start who wrote episode val0 in the series ? end 
GT: start who wrote episode number val0 in the series ? end 
PD: start what is the series # for the episode directed by val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the first episode in the season directed by val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the original air date of the u.s . viewers is val0 million ? end 
GT: start what was the original air date for the episode with val0 million us viewers ? end 
PD: start what is the region 2 ( uk ) date for the val0 ? end 
GT: start when was the episode with a val0 barb rating first aired in denmark ? end 
Batch 60 | Validation Loss 4.806152
PD: start what is the region 2 for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the barb ratings of episode val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the region 2 ( uk ) date for the val0 ? end 
GT: start when was the episode with a val0 barb rating first aired in denmark ? end 
PD: start what is the original canadian air - date of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the original danish air date of val0 ?   end 
PD: start what is the lowest episode number for the episode titled val0 ? end 
GT: start what were the uk ratings ( bbc four ) for val0 ?   end 
PD: start how many times did val0 have notability of val0 ? end 
GT: start how many parks are called val0 end 
PD: start what is the average speed ( mph ) when the transmission is val0 ? end 
GT: start how fast is the coaster that is val0 feet tall end 
PD: start what is the average speed for the 0 100 km/h ( 62 mph ) of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the length of the coaster with the val0 speed end 
PD: start what is the length of the bullet that has a utc time of val0 ? end 
GT: start how long is the rollar coaster on val0 end 
PD: start who is the turner for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what park is val0 located in ? end 
PD: start how many times did val0 have notability of val0 ? end 
GT: start how many parks is val0 located in end 
PD: start what is the city of the val0 ? end 
GT: start in what year was val0 the host country ? end 
PD: start what is the track in the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the number of athletes in the host city of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the city of the val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the host country when val0 was the host city ? end 
PD: start what is the track in the val0 track ? end 
GT: start what was the number of athletes for the val0 edition ? end 
PD: start what is the latest year ? end 
GT: start what was the most recent year ? end 
PD: start what is the host that has val0 as the track , and val1 as the name ? end 
GT: start what was the host city of the val1 edition in the the host country of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the election in the val0 district ?   end 
GT: start name the result for first elected being val0 end 
PD: start how many parties does val0 represent ? end 
GT: start name the total number of party for val0 end 
PD: start what candidate(s ) ran for val0 ? end 
GT: start name the result for   val0 end 
PD: start what was the result of the election in the val0 district ?   end 
GT: start name the result for val0 end 
PD: start how many times was the candidates val0 ? end 
GT: start name the total number of party for val0 end 
PD: start what party is val0 in ? end 
GT: start name the district for val0 end 
PD: start what was the result of the election in the val0 district ?   end 
GT: start what was the result for the candidate first elected in val0 ? end 
PD: start what candidate(s ) ran for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the party of val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the candidate in the val0 district ? end 
GT: start name the first elected for val0 end 
PD: start who is the incumbent in the val0 district ? end 
GT: start name the first elected for val0 end 
PD: start what is the lowest year elected ? end 
GT: start name the least first elected end 
PD: start what is the maximum   first elected   with   incumbent   being val0 end 
GT: start name the most first elected end 
PD: start what is the district with val0 as the incumbent ? end 
GT: start name the incumbent for val0 end 
PD: start what is the district with val0 as the incumbent ? end 
GT: start name the incumbent for val0 end 
PD: start what is the district with val0 as the incumbent ? end 
GT: start name the distrct for val0 end 
PD: start what is the party affiliation of the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the party for   val0 end 
Batch 61 | Validation Loss 4.901982
PD: start what is the party where the district is val0 ? end 
GT: start name the party for val0 end 
PD: start who is the candidate in the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the candidates for val0 end 
PD: start what is the district for the incumbent val0 ? end 
GT: start name the first elected for val0 end 
PD: start who is the candidate in the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the incumbent for   val0 end 
PD: start how many times was the candidates val0 ? end 
GT: start name the number of first elected for val0 end 
PD: start how many times was the val0 party ? end 
GT: start name the number of party for val0 end 
PD: start what is the district for the incumbent val0 ? end 
GT: start name the first elected for val0 end 
PD: start what is the party for the val0 party member val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the district for the party val0 and the candidates are val1 ? end 
PD: start what candidate(s ) ran in the val0 party ? end 
GT: start what is the party when the incumbent is val0 ? end 
PD: start what candidate(s ) ran in the val0 party ? end 
GT: start what is the party when the incumbent is val0 ? end 
PD: start what candidate(s ) has a result of val0 ? end 
GT: start   what is the result for the district val0 ? end 
PD: start what candidate(s ) did val0 represent ? end 
GT: start who is the candidates for district val0 ? end 
PD: start who were the candidates in the val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the candidate in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the series episode number of the episode val0 ? end 
GT: start what tv season was episode val0 broadcast ? end 
PD: start how many rankings were there for the finale in val0 ? end 
GT: start how many seasons was the rank equal to val0 ? end 
PD: start how many millions of spectator viewers watched the episode val0 ? end 
GT: start when did the season finale reached an audience of val0 million viewers ? end 
PD: start what is the nationality of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the nationality when the player is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the nhl team that has val0 as the player , and val1 as the player ? end 
GT: start what is the nhl team when the college , junior , club team is val0 and the position is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest pick number for the val0 with a pick number of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the pick # when the nhl team is val0 and the college / junior / club team is val1 ? end 
PD: start how many nhl teams are there for the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many times is the nhl team the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the player from the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the position for the nhl team val0 ? end 
PD: start who directed the episode that had val0 million u.s . viewers ? end 
GT: start how many were the us viewers ( in millions ) of the episode that was written by val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the original air date for production code val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the air date of the episode that has a production code of val0 ? end 
PD: start who wrote the episode with the production code val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the writer of the episode with a production code of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of val0 ? end 
GT: start what position does the player val0 play in ? end 
PD: start how many games did val0 have ? end 
GT: start how many games were played where the height of the player is val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the kitmaker whre when the 2007–08 is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the date of birth for the player in the val0 club ? end 
PD: start what is the weight of val0 ? end 
GT: start which player weighs val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the bus width ( μs ) when the dbm is val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the model 's directx if it has a core of val0 mhz ? end 
PD: start what is the largest mass(kg cl / l ? end 
GT: start what was the maximum fab ( nm ) ? end 
PD: start what is the power of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the config core 1 of the model with a processing power gflops of val0 ? end 
PD: start how many different ppi sizes are there for the model with ppcm model / code val0 ? end 
GT: start how many texture ( gt / s ) the card has if the tdp ( watts ) gpu only is val0 ? end 
Batch 62 | Validation Loss 5.935174
PD: start what is the best rider for the val0 prize ? end 
GT: start   how much did val0 win ?   end 
PD: start what was the 1st leg score for the match against val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score between val0 and manchester united on the second leg of the champions league round of 16 ? end 
PD: start what was the 1st 1st score for the match against val0 ? end 
GT: start how many goals did each team score in the first leg of the match between liverpool and val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the 1st 1st score for the match against val0 ? end 
GT: start how many goals did each one of the teams score in the first leg of the match between liverpool and val0 ? end 
PD: start who directed the episode that had val0 million u.s . viewers ? end 
GT: start name the us viewers directed by val0 end 
PD: start who directed episode val0 in the series ? end 
GT: start name the number for val0 end 
PD: start who is the artist for the episode val0 ? end 
GT: start name the teleplay for   val0 end 
PD: start what is the highest number of episodes in any . season ? end 
GT: start name the most number end 
PD: start what is the coefficient of val0 downstread ? end 
GT: start if the proto - semitic is val0 , what are the geez ? end 
PD: start what is the pali word for val0 ? end 
GT: start if the aramaic is val0 , what is the english ? end 
PD: start what is the singular when the ҕь is val0 ? end 
GT: start if the geez is val0 , what is the akkadian ? end 
PD: start what is the pali word for val0 ? end 
GT: start if in english it is val0 , what is it in hebrew ? end 
PD: start what is the pali word for val0 ? end 
GT: start if in english it 's val0 , what is it in proto - semitic ? end 
PD: start what is the pali word for val0 ? end 
GT: start if in arabic it is val0 , what is it in proto - semitic ? end 
PD: start how many pole position was there for the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many times is the location is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest podiums for val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the earliest season where podium was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the points when the podiums is more than val0 and poles is val1 ? end 
GT: start how much were the f / laps if poles is higher than val0 during val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the listing for the val0 , and val1 points ? end 
GT: start what races achieved val0 f / laps and val1 pole position ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the manager who replaced by val0 ? end 
GT: start who replaced the outgoing manager val0 ?   end 
PD: start what is the name of the manager who left on val0 ? end 
GT: start when was the date of vacancy for the manager of val0 ?   end 
PD: start what is the name of the manager who replaced by val0 ? end 
GT: start who replaced the manager of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the manager who replaced by val0 ? end 
GT: start which team replaced their manager with val0 ? end 
PD: start how many episodes were directed by val0 and written by val1 ? end 
GT: start how many different episode numbers does the episode written by val0 and directed by val1 have ? end 
PD: start how many episodes were directed by val0 ? end 
GT: start how many different episode numbers are there for the episodes directed by val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the original air date of the val0 directed by val0 ? end 
GT: start name the original airdate for val0 and val1 end 
PD: start what is the series episode number of the episode val0 ? end 
GT: start name the least series number for episode number being val0 end 
PD: start what is the score of the val0 ? end 
GT: start if the highest score is val0 , what are the 50s ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the val0 matches with a val1 of val1 ? end 
GT: start if the team is val1 and the matched had were val0 , what is the highest score ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest number of matches ? end 
GT: start what is the smallest amount of matches ? end 
PD: start what is the average crowd number for the val0 ? end 
GT: start if the team is val0 , what is the average ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game against val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the team val0 ' highest score ? end 
PD: start what is the average penalty for the player with val0 average ? end 
GT: start if the average is val0 , who is the player ? end 
Batch 63 | Validation Loss 5.540401
PD: start what is the total attempted when the val0 is val0 ? end 
GT: start if the working force of hk is val0 , what are the pakistanis ' % ?   end 
PD: start what is the rate of the val0 in the val0 ? end 
GT: start if the indians are val0 , what is the salary range ? end 
PD: start what is the age of the group that has val0 ? end 
GT: start if the working force of hk is val0 , what is the salary range ? end 
PD: start what is the group that has val0 killed ? end 
GT: start if the nepalese is val0 , what is the working force of hk ? end 
PD: start what is the rate of the val0 in the val0 ? end 
GT: start if the salary range is val0 , what is the indians % ? end 
PD: start what won the val0 points ? end 
GT: start for teams that won exactly val0 , how many points were scored ? end 
PD: start how many draws for val0 tries for ? end 
GT: start how many matches were drawn by the teams that won exactly val0 ? end 
PD: start what won the val0 points ? end 
GT: start how many points for were scored by the team that won exactly val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lost of the club with val0 losses ? end 
GT: start which club lost exactly val0 matches ? end 
PD: start what is the average amount of points for the val0 club that won val1 games ? end 
GT: start how many matches were won by the teams that scored exactly val0 tries for ? end 
PD: start what is the points when the points is val0 and the team is val1 ? end 
GT: start how many tries for were scored by the team that had exactly val0 points for ? end 
PD: start what is the format for the val0 progran ? end 
GT: start name the format for val0 end 
PD: start what is the format for the val0 progran ? end 
GT: start name the format for   val0 end 
PD: start what is the release date of the val0 with catalog number val1 ? end 
GT: start name the catalog number for   val0 end 
PD: start what is the studio host for the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the studio for val0 end 
PD: start what is the catalog number for the val0 progran ? end 
GT: start name the studio for catalog number val0 end 
PD: start what is the catalog number for the val0 progran ? end 
GT: start name the catalog number for val0 end 
PD: start what is the share for the share is val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the share ( % ) for the val0 episode ?   end 
PD: start what is the rating for the rating of val0 million ? end 
GT: start what was the official itv1 hd rating in millions for the episode that had an official itv1 rating of val0 million ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 ? end 
GT: start when was the episode that had a share ( % ) of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the rating for the rating of val0 ? end 
GT: start which episode had an official itv1 hd rating of val0 million ?   end 
PD: start what is the rating for the rating of val0 million ? end 
GT: start what was the official itv1 rating in millions of the val0 episode ? end 
PD: start what is the total share for 18 - 49 rating when the rating is val0 million ? end 
GT: start what was the total itv1 viewers in millions for the episode with a share ( % ) of val0 ?   end 
PD: start what is the location of the school in val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the nickname of the val0 team ? end 
PD: start how many times was the val0 val0 ? end 
GT: start how many primary conferences were held in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the val0 ? end 
GT: start where is val0 held ? end 
PD: start how many teams have val0 as the primary affiliation ? end 
GT: start what is the enrollment for the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the status of the val0 in val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the 2001 % for the status val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times is the gfr is val0 and the percent is is val1 end 
GT: start how many 2011 % is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest population(2011 ) ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest 2011 number ( , 000 ) ? end 
PD: start what is the status in val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the 2011 number ( , 000 ) when the status is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the largest ethnic group in 2002 and val0 in 2006 ? end 
GT: start what si the 2011 number ( , 000 ) when 2001 % is val0 ? end 
Batch 64 | Validation Loss 4.112505
PD: start what is the series # for the episode directed by val0 ? end 
GT: start what number episode in the season was directed by val0 ?   end 
PD: start what is the lowest numbered episode in the series ? end 
GT: start what is the earliest numbered episode of the season ? end 
PD: start who directed the val0 film ? end 
GT: start who was the director for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the result for the role of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the english title fo the film that was a val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the spanish title for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the english title of val0 ? end 
PD: start how many years have val0 as the iron , and a year of val1 ? end 
GT: start how many years have a weeks at # 1 value of exactly val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the manager of the val0 manager ? end 
GT: start what is the position for outgoing manager val0 end 
PD: start how many appointment dates were there for the manager appointed on val0 ? end 
GT: start how many teams had an appointment date of val0 end 
PD: start what is the date of appointment for the manager appointed on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the appointment date for outgoing manager val0 end 
PD: start what is the date of appointment for the manager appointed on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the manner of departure for the appointment date of val0 end 
PD: start what is the position of table appointment for the manager appointed on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the position of appointment date val0 end 
PD: start how many managers replaced when the val0 were replaced by artist val1 ? end 
GT: start how many teams had an outgoing manager of val0 end 
PD: start how many opponents have a score of val0 , and a score of val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the score for the opponent val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the length of the bullet that has a val0 pressure of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the ab ripper x when the length is val0 ? end 
PD: start how many stamps have a type of val0 and a type of val1 ? end 
GT: start how many types are val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the type of the val0 with a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the ab ripper x when exercise is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the type of the game in week val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the week when type is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the diety that has a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the exercise when the equipment is val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of game val0 ? end 
GT: start name the score for val0 game end 
PD: start which opponent has a record of val0 , and a record of val1 ? end 
GT: start name the opponent for record val0 end 
PD: start what is the record for the val0 on val1 ? end 
GT: start name the december for record val0 end 
PD: start what is the lowest attendance on val0 ? end 
GT: start name the least december for val0 end 
PD: start how many games have a score of val0 ? end 
GT: start name the number of game val0 end 
PD: start what is the highest game number for val0 in game val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest entry in november for the game val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest game number with a score of val0 , and a game number of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the least entry for game if the score is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the april when the game is val0 on val1 ? end 
GT: start what is every game on november val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the most points scored ? end 
GT: start what is the highest amount of points ? end 
PD: start what was the record during game val0 ? end 
GT: start what is every record for game val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the minimal number of points scored ? end 
GT: start what is the least amount of points ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent in game val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the opponent where the game is val0 ? end 
PD: start how many people attended the val0 game ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of locations that had a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the most points scored ? end 
GT: start what is the maximum number of points ? end 
Batch 65 | Validation Loss 5.530631
PD: start what was the score of the game when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the record that had a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the record for score val0 ? end 
PD: start how many episodes were titled val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the number of original airdate written by val0 ? end 
PD: start how many episodes were directed by val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of films directy and written by val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the event for the match on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the date of injury when the injury is val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times is the player val0 ? end 
GT: start how many times was the date val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the date of injury for player val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the record for the val0 on val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the date of injury when the injury is val0 and the number of matches ( total ) is val1 ? end 
PD: start how many teams were founded in val0 ? end 
GT: start how many institutions are shown for the football stadium of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the latest year that val0 was founded in val0 ? end 
GT: start what year was val0 founded ? end 
PD: start what is the latest year for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the year founded for the team val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the capacity for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the capacity for the   institution of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 1976 value of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which institution has an endowment of val0 ? end 
PD: start how many netflow version are there when the colt vendor is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the val0 transfer delay ? end 
PD: start what is the truncating vowel final stem that has val0 as the animal / capital ? end 
GT: start what is the shape distortion for the range frequency of val0 ? end 
PD: start how many netflow version are there when the vendor activity ? end 
GT: start list the number of val0 hard drives ? end 
PD: start what is the example of the val0 ? end 
GT: start list the range distroration for the val0 end 
PD: start what is the max pressure for the val0 muzzle energy ? end 
GT: start what is the input / output operations per second for the val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the score for the game with the record of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of game val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the game number for the game with a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start how many games were listed under the high rebounds in game val0 ? end 
GT: start how many games are shown for the game where val0 had the high rebounds ? end 
PD: start who had the high rebounds on val0 ? end 
GT: start who had the most the most rebounds and how many did they have on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the location attendance on val0 ? end 
GT: start where was the game and what was the attendance on val0 ?   end 
PD: start how many games were listed under the high rebounds in game val0 ? end 
GT: start how many high rebounds are listed for game val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the bullet weight for the val0 ? end 
GT: start if the close ranged weapons are the val0 , what are the long ranged weapons ? end 
PD: start what is the description of the val0 ? end 
GT: start if the special weapon is the val0 , what is the armor ? end 
PD: start what is the weight of the val0 ? end 
GT: start if the armor is val0 , what are the close ranged weapons ? end 
PD: start what is the easa ( eu ) of the val0 ? end 
GT: start if the special weapon is val0 , what is the close ranged weapon ? end 
PD: start who had the high rebounds on val0 ? end 
GT: start who had the high rebounds record on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the record on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the record on val0 ? end 
PD: start how many games were numbered val0 ? end 
GT: start what game number is the val0 team . end 
PD: start what is the location attendance on val0 ? end 
GT: start name the location attendance val0 end 
Batch 66 | Validation Loss 3.987889
PD: start what is the location and attendance of the val0 with a high assists of val1 ? end 
GT: start name the high assists for val0 and record is val1 end 
PD: start what is the team for val0 ? end 
GT: start name the date for val0 end 
PD: start what is the original air date of the episode with val0 million u.s . viewers ? end 
GT: start what is the original air date when the u.s . viewers in millions was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the title of episode # val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the title of the series # val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the series # of the episode directed by val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest series # directed by val0 ? end 
PD: start how many production codes have a production code of val0 ? end 
GT: start how many episodes had a production code val0 ? end 
PD: start who had the high rebounds on val0 ? end 
GT: start who had the most rebounds and how many did they have on val0 ? end 
PD: start who had the high assists on val0 ? end 
GT: start who had the most assists and how many did they have on val0 ?   end 
PD: start what is the team for game val0 ? end 
GT: start what team did the hornets play in game val0 ? end 
PD: start who had the high assists when the score was val0 ? end 
GT: start name the high assists for   val0 end 
PD: start who had the high points on val0 ? end 
GT: start name the high points for val0 end 
PD: start who had the high assists when the score was val0 ? end 
GT: start name the score for   val0 end 
PD: start what is the highest game number for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the game number played on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the record when the team was val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the record after the val0 game ? end 
PD: start how many games were listed under the high rebounds in game val0 ? end 
GT: start how many games had val0 for the most rebounds ? end 
PD: start who had the high rebounds on val0 ? end 
GT: start what two players had the highest rebounds for the val0 game ? end 
PD: start what is the team for val0 ? end 
GT: start name the team for val0 end 
PD: start what was the score of the game against val0 ? end 
GT: start name the team for score val0 end 
PD: start how many high rebounds were there on val0 ? end 
GT: start name the number of high rebounds for val0 end 
PD: start who won the mixed doubles in the val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the mixed doubled on the tour val0 ? end 
PD: start who won the womens doubles when val0 won the mixed doubles ? end 
GT: start who is the women 's doubles when the mixed doubles are val0 ? end 
PD: start who won the mixed doubles in the val0 competition in val1 ? end 
GT: start who were the womens doubles when the mixed doubles were val0 on the tour val1 ? end 
PD: start who won the womens doubles when val0 won the womens doubles ? end 
GT: start who is the womens doubles on the tour val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game when the high points was val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score in the game in which val0 did the high points ? end 
PD: start who had the high rebounds on val0 ? end 
GT: start who did the most high rebounds on val0 ? end 
PD: start how many games were listed under the high rebounds in game val0 ? end 
GT: start how many different results for high rebounds were there for game number val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times did the high assists val0 have ? end 
GT: start in how many different games did val0 did the most high assists ? end 
PD: start who had the high points when the team was val0 ? end 
GT: start who had the high points when the team was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the largest game number for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest game with team val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the team for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the date for the game with team val0 ? end 
PD: start how many high points in the high points ? end 
GT: start how many times did val0 have the high points ? end 
PD: start what was the date of game val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the date for the game val0 ? end 
Batch 67 | Validation Loss 4.224726
PD: start who directed the episode that had val0 million u.s . viewers ? end 
GT: start who directed the episode that val0 million u.s . viewers saw ? end 
PD: start how many episodes were titled val0 ? end 
GT: start how man episodes in the season were titled val0 ? end 
PD: start what player is from val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the college / junior / club team name of player val0 ? end 
PD: start how many nhl teams are there for the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many nhl teams is val0 a draft pick for ? end 
PD: start who wrote episode val0 in series ? end 
GT: start who wrote episode val0 in the season ? end 
PD: start who wrote the episode titled val0 ? end 
GT: start who wrote the episode titled val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the location and attendance of the val0 team ? end 
GT: start where was the location and attendance when they played val0 ? end 
PD: start who had the high assists on val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the date of the game when val0 had the   high assists ? end 
PD: start how many high assists were there when the high assists were val0 ? end 
GT: start how many people had the high points when val0 had the high assists ? end 
PD: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
GT: start what date was the game score val0 ? end 
PD: start who had the high assists when the team was val0 ? end 
GT: start who had the high assists when the opponent was val0 ? end 
PD: start who had the high points when the attendance was val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the location and attendance when val0 had the high points ? end 
PD: start who had the high rebounds when the attendance was val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the location and attendance for the game where val0 had the high rebounds ? end 
PD: start what is the location attendance on the val0 game ? end 
GT: start what dated was the game played at the location val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the game number when the score is val0 and the score is val1 ? end 
GT: start which game had a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game when the high points was val0 ? end 
GT: start who had the high points when the score was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the location attendance on the val0 game ? end 
GT: start what date was the game played in val0 ? end 
PD: start how many production codes were there for the episode with production code val0 ? end 
GT: start how many production codes had a total number in the season of val0 ? end 
PD: start how many episodes aired on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total rank on airdate val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the shortstop who plays val0 ? end 
GT: start for the val0 name what was the previous club end 
PD: start what is the name of the manager who won in val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the fee for val0 previous club end 
PD: start how many times is the val0 val0 ? end 
GT: start how many date of birts are if the previous club is val0 end 
PD: start what is the number of the val0 ? end 
GT: start for the no . val0 what is the date of birth end 
PD: start how many episodes were titled val0 ? end 
GT: start how many episodes were written by val0 ? end 
PD: start who wrote the episode that has val0 ? end 
GT: start where did the episode rank that was written by val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest episode in the series titled val0 ? end 
GT: start at most what number in the series was the episode val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the title of episode val0 in the series ? end 
GT: start the episode entitled val0 was what number in the series ? end 
PD: start who directed the episode titled val0 ? end 
GT: start who directed the episode entitled val0 ? end 
PD: start who won the womens singles in the val0 season ? end 
GT: start who won womens singles in the year that val0 won mens singles ? end 
PD: start who won the womens doubles in val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the place and when was the year when the women 's doubles womens were val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times did mens singles when val0 won the mens singles ? end 
GT: start how many times has val0 won the men 's singles ? end 
PD: start how many times did mens singles when val0 won the mens singles ? end 
GT: start how many times has val0 won the women 's doubles ? end 
Batch 68 | Validation Loss 5.337091
PD: start what is the series finale for the episode val0 ? end 
GT: start what show featured the song val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times was the artist val0 ? end 
GT: start how many artists were there for the show val0 ? end 
PD: start how many years was val0 performing ? end 
GT: start how many shows were in val0 ? end 
PD: start what engine was used by val0 ? end 
GT: start name the engine for val0 end 
PD: start what chassis has val0 as the entrant ? end 
GT: start name the chassis for val0 end 
PD: start what is the constructor for the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the constructor for val0 end 
PD: start what is the constructor for the driver val0 ? end 
GT: start name the constructor for number val0 end 
PD: start what chassis has val0 drive ? end 
GT: start name the chassis for val0 end 
PD: start who directed episode number val0 in the series ? end 
GT: start the episode directed by val0 was what number in the series ?   end 
PD: start who directed the episode titled val0 ? end 
GT: start who directed the episode entitled val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the title of episode val0 in the season ? end 
GT: start the episode val0 had what number in the season ? end 
PD: start who directed the episode written by val0 ? end 
GT: start who wrote the episode which was directed by val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the production code for the episode val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the season 4 # for the production code of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the episode that has a title of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the title of episode no . val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the production code for the episode seen by val0 million u.s . viewers ? end 
GT: start what is the production code for the episode with val0 million u.s . viewers ? end 
PD: start what is the number of episodes in the number of episodes in the number val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the series no when the season 4 # is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the race that has val0 as the position , and val1 as the name ? end 
GT: start who was the u21 mens winner when val0 was the mixed restricted winner and val1 was the u21 womens winner ?   end 
PD: start who won the womens 's val0 when the best was val1 ? end 
GT: start when val0 won the womens singles and val1 won the mens singles , who won the mixed veteran ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the val0 in the val1 ? end 
GT: start who won the mixed restricted when val0 won the mixed veteran and val1 won the u21 womens ? end 
PD: start how many dates have a val0 ? end 
GT: start when and where did val0 win the mixed veteran ? end 
PD: start who won the mens when the val0 ? end 
GT: start when val0 won the mens singles , who won the mixed restricted ? end 
PD: start what is the result for the val0 ? end 
GT: start when val0 won the mixed veteran , who won the mixed restricted ? end 
PD: start how many times did val0 win ? end 
GT: start how many winners have st kilda score at val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest round of the match with a val0 score ? end 
GT: start what the listed in round when the hawthorn score is val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance of the match that had an attendance of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the attendance when the hawthorn score is val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the hawthorn score at the year val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the winner of the match with a best winner of val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the winner when the st kilda score is val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance of the match with a val0 score ? end 
GT: start what is the attendance when the st kilda score is val0 ? end 
PD: start how many teams have val0 tries for ? end 
GT: start how many caps figures for the val0 ? end 
PD: start how many teams have val0 tries for ? end 
GT: start how many caps figures are there for val0 ? end 
PD: start how many teams have val0 as the player ? end 
GT: start how many players had val0 goals ? end 
PD: start how many positions did 1972 nhl draft pick val0 ? end 
GT: start how many positions does the draft pick whose nationality is val0 play ? end 
Batch 69 | Validation Loss 5.327822
PD: start what is the lowest pick number for val0 ? end 
GT: start what draft pick number was val0 ? end 
PD: start how many positions did 1972 nhl draft pick val0 play ? end 
GT: start how many draft pick positions did val0 have ? end 
PD: start how many nhl teams are from val0 ? end 
GT: start how many players came from college team val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of player val0 ? end 
GT: start what position does val0 play ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the player from the val0 ? end 
GT: start what position does that draft pick play from val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the nationality of val0 , who plays for the val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the nationality of val0 ? end 
PD: start how many nationalities does val0 have ? end 
GT: start name the number of nationalities for val0 end 
PD: start what player is pick val0 ? end 
GT: start name the pick for val0 end 
PD: start what player is from val0 ? end 
GT: start name the college for val0 end 
PD: start what is the highest pick number for val0 ? end 
GT: start name the most pick for val0 end 
PD: start what is the year for the val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the coastal carolina head coach in val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times did the val0 last division with val0 conference ? end 
GT: start how many head coaches did val0 have ? end 
PD: start what is the result for the val0 final opponents ? end 
GT: start what was the result when then opponents conference was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the nationality of the player from the val0 with a nhl team of val1 ? end 
GT: start what nationality is the draft pick player going to val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the pick number for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what daft pick number is the player coming from val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what player is draft pick val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the pick number for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what college team did draft pick val0 come from ? end 
PD: start what is the to par for val0 with a val1 ? end 
GT: start how many times is   a to par listed when the player is val0 ? end 
PD: start what player has val0 as the player ? end 
GT: start what is the score when the player is val0 ? end 
PD: start what player has val0 as the player ? end 
GT: start what is the player listed when the score is val0 end 
PD: start what is the score of the episode val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the # listed when the score is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the nhl team that has val0 as the player , and the player is val1 ? end 
GT: start to which organziation does the   val0 belong to ? end 
PD: start what is the position of val0 ? end 
GT: start what position does val0 play . end 
PD: start what is the highest pick number for val0 ? end 
GT: start what selection was the val0 ? end 
PD: start what player is from val0 ? end 
GT: start list the players for team val0 . end 
PD: start what is the nhl team that has val0 as the player , and the pick number is val1 ? end 
GT: start which draft number did the val0 get ? end 
PD: start what is the money ( £ ) of the player with a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start how many cuts did the player who earned val0 euro make ? end 
PD: start who is the val0 whre )   with   player   being val0 end 
GT: start how many cuts did val0 make ? end 
PD: start what player has val0 as the player , and val1 as the player ? end 
GT: start which player made exactly val0 starts ? end 
PD: start who is the val0 whre )   with   player   being val0 end 
GT: start how many cuts did val0 make ? end 
PD: start how many times did the player with val0 top prize money ? end 
GT: start how many earnings values are associated with players who had a best finish of val0 ? end 
PD: start how many ranks are there for the player with val0 loa ( m ) ? end 
GT: start how many items appear in the dividend per share when the turnover is val0 ? end 
Batch 70 | Validation Loss 4.915313
PD: start what is the market income per capita where the annual change is val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the profit before tax when the turnover was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the market income per capita where the annual change is val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the turnover when the profit before tax was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the fleet number for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the singer part number of the buttonholer whose storage case is a val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the description of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the description of the buttonholer whose singer part number is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the type of the val0 ship val1 ? end 
GT: start what are all the different descriptions for the buttonholer with val0 for storage and a val1 shank type ? end 
PD: start what is the type of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the storage case of the buttonholer described as val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the craft used val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the shank type of the buttonholer with val0 as storage case ? end 
PD: start who wrote the episode that had val0 million u.s . viewers ? end 
GT: start who wrote the episode with val0 million us viewers ? end 
PD: start what is the episode # of the episode val0 ? end 
GT: start what are the titles of episodes numbered val0 ? end 
PD: start who wrote the episode that had val0 million u.s . viewers ? end 
GT: start who wrote the episode with val0 million us viewers ? end 
PD: start how many track numbers were recorded for the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many tracks have the title val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the color of the val0 ? end 
GT: start who arranged song(s ) with val0 on the vocal percussion ? end 
PD: start what is the original artist of the val0 ? end 
GT: start who were the original artist(s ) for track number val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the original canadian performer for the song val0 ? end 
GT: start who were the original artist(s ) on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the original of the original artist val0 ? end 
GT: start who were the original artist(s ) when val0 arranged ? end 
PD: start what is the original of the last issue where the original artist is val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the artist where the vocal percussionist is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 8th when the track is val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the vocal percussionist for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the original canadian performer for the song val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the original artist of " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the track for the track composed by val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the arranger for " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the original of the last issue where the original artist is val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the percussionist for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the nation that has val0 as the city ? end 
GT: start what is the charity for the celebrity with an occupation title of val0 ? end 
PD: start who directed the episode titled val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the title of the episode val0 directed ? end 
PD: start who wrote the episode that had val0 million u.s . viewers ? end 
GT: start who wrote the episode that got val0 million u.s . viewers ? end 
PD: start what is the production code for the episode that had val0 million u.s . viewers ? end 
GT: start how many million u.s . viewers saw the episode with production code val0 ? end 
PD: start how many episodes were directed by val0 ? end 
GT: start how many directors got val0 million u.s . viewers from their episodes ? end 
PD: start who had the high points on val0 ? end 
GT: start who had the most points in the game on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the record of the game against val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the record after the game against val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average of all the scores where the average is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest score for the player with average of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average for the average is val0 ? end 
GT: start how many innings for the player with an average of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average bbm for val0 suites ? end 
GT: start what is the strike rate for the player with an average of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the stadium for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the team when the stadium is listed as val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the rate of the rate where the net capacity is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the capacity percentage when the total attendance is val0 ? end 
Batch 71 | Validation Loss 4.396075
PD: start what is the rate of the player with a market value of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the stadium when the capacity percentage is val0 end 
PD: start how many people were in attendance when the was val0 ? end 
GT: start how many home games are listed when the average attendance is val0 ? end 
PD: start how many numbers of net profit were available when the net profit was val0 ? end 
GT: start how many average attendance has a capacity percentage of val0 end 
PD: start what is the team for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the number listed in home games when the team is val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times is the strike rate val0 ? end 
GT: start how many teams had a val0 capacity rating ? end 
PD: start what is the rate of the player who had val0 total of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the capacity for the val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance for the match that had val0 in attendance ? end 
GT: start what was average attendance when total attendance was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the rate of the player who had val0 total of val0 ? end 
GT: start what team had a capacity of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest attendance for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the total attendance of the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the rate of the rate where the net capacity is val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the capacity percentage when attendance was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest administrative code for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the postal code when the administrative capital in val0 ? end 
PD: start how many states were there in the val0 administrative unit ? end 
GT: start what is the 2006 censusn population when is the administrative capital is val0 ? end 
PD: start how many states was the area in kilometers squared of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the 2006 census population when the area is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest area in val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the area when the iga name is val0 ? end 
PD: start what nhl team picked val0 ? end 
GT: start what nhl team picked val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the nationality of the val0 with a position of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the nationality of the draft pick player who plays val0 position and is going to val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the nhl team for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what player came from val0 ? end 
PD: start how many picks did val0 have ? end 
GT: start how many draft picks is player val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the nationality of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the nationality of the player picked to go to val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the nhl team for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what player attended val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what pick number was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the nationality of val0 ? end 
GT: start what nationality is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what position did the # val0 pick play ? end 
PD: start how many u.s . views were there for the epidosde that had val0 million u.s . viewers ? end 
GT: start which episode number saw val0 million u.s . wviewers ? end 
PD: start how many millions of u.s . viewers watched the episode titled val0 ? end 
GT: start how many million u.s . viewers saw val0 ? end 
PD: start who directed the episode titled val0 and written by val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the title of the episode directed by val0 and written by val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the production code for episode val0 in the series ? end 
GT: start what number episode in the season had a production code of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest series number for the episode titled val0 ? end 
GT: start what number episode of the season was titled val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the production code for the episode directed by val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the production code of the episode directed by val0 ?   end 
PD: start how many dates are there for the val0 final ? end 
GT: start in how many dates the opponen in the final was val0 end 
PD: start what was the tournament with val0 as the tournament ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the tournament where outcome is val0 end 
PD: start what is the surface of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the material of the surface in the val0 location end 
Batch 72 | Validation Loss 4.781509
PD: start what is the location of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the material of the surface in val0 end 
PD: start what is the location of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the date of the game played in the val0 location end 
PD: start what is stop no . , when destination is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the destination when the train number is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the launch date of the satellite with a val0 cospar i d ? end 
GT: start what is the origin when the destination is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the launch date of the satellite with a val0 cospar i d ? end 
GT: start what is the route / via when the destination is listed as val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the launch date of the satellite with a val0 cospar i d ? end 
GT: start what is the route / via when the train name is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest track number for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the train number when the time is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 3 when the june 27 is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the thurs 2 june time for the rider with a fri 3 june time of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 3 when the june 10 is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the mon 30 may time for the rider whose fri 3 june time was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 3 when the june 27 is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the fri 3 june time for the rider whose tues 31 may time was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the run 3 of the rider with a run 3 of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the fri 3 june time for the rider with a weds 1 june time of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the rank for the rider val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the rank of the rider whose tues 31 may time was val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times is the rider val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the number of riders that had a tues 31 may time of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 3 when the rider is val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the rider with a fri 3 june time of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the least amount of matches when the club is val0 ? end 
GT: start how many matches did the player that played val0 matches win end 
PD: start how many points did val0 score ? end 
GT: start how many countries had val0 points end 
PD: start what is the highest amount of money for val0 ? end 
GT: start how much prize money ( in usd ) did val0 win end 
PD: start who was the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many matches did val0 win end 
PD: start who replaced the previous manager val0 val0 ? end 
GT: start what team hired val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times managers replaced val0 manager(s manager(s ? end 
GT: start how many times did val0 leave as a team manager ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the manager who replaced by val0 ? end 
GT: start why did val0 leave as manager ? end 
PD: start who replaced the previous manager val0 val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the new val0 manager ? end 
PD: start what is the appointment day for the manager of val0 ? end 
GT: start who was replaced as manager on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the pali word for val0 ? tibetan ? end 
GT: start who is the s color commentator when the pregame host is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the nord in val0 , and a year of val1 ? end 
GT: start who is the pregame host when the pregame analysts is   val0 and the year is val1 ? end 
PD: start how many foundation dates are there for the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many networks are listed when the year is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the original air date for production code val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the original air date of the episode with production code is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the title of episode val0 in the season ? end 
GT: start what is the title of episode val0 ? end 
PD: start who wrote the episode titled val0 ? end 
GT: start who were the writers of the episode titled val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the player with val0 goals ? end 
GT: start what was the position of the player with val0 goals ? end 
PD: start what is the title of the episode val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the title of book number val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the title of the episode val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the title of book number val0 ? end 
Batch 73 | Validation Loss 5.265833
PD: start what is the name of the covered song when the show is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the publication date of the book that is narrated by val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the isbn of the episode val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the title of val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the color of the val0 ? end 
GT: start who are the featuring companions of number val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the original air date of the episode titled val0 ? end 
GT: start when did val0 first air ? end 
PD: start what is the time of the match with a time of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the time of the games that took place at the val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times was the winner val0 ? end 
GT: start how many challenge leaders were there of the games won by val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the winner in the val0 ? end 
GT: start who were the challenge leaders of the games won by val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the val0 ? end 
GT: start where did the games that had val0 as acc team take place ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the match on val0 ? end 
GT: start where did the games that had val0 as big ten team take place ? end 
PD: start who had the high assists on val0 ? end 
GT: start who had the most assists and how many did they have on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the team for val0 ? end 
GT: start what team was temple playing on val0 ? end 
PD: start how many different are located in val0 ? end 
GT: start how many different combinations of team colors are there in all the schools in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the school established in val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the website of the school in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the school in val0 ? end 
GT: start what location has val0 students enrolled in the 9th to 12th grades ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the school in val0 ? end 
GT: start what are the team colors from val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the school of the school that has the val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the name of the city or town of the school that operates the val0 website ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the school in val0 ? end 
GT: start what colors can you see players from val0 wearing ? end 
PD: start who had the fastest lap in the val0 ? end 
GT: start who had the fastest lap(s ) when val0 had the pole ? end 
PD: start what is the race with val0 laps and val1 as the fastest lap ? end 
GT: start who had the fastest lap(s ) when val0 led the most laps at val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the race where val0 was the fastest lap and val1 was the pole position ? end 
GT: start who had the pole(s ) when val0 led the most laps round val2 and val1 had the fastest lap ? end 
PD: start what is the fastest lap for the val0 ? end 
GT: start who led the most laps when val0 had the fastest lap ? end 
PD: start what is the race with val0 laps and val1 as the fastest lap ? end 
GT: start what race did val0 have the fastest lap and lead the most laps ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest number of matches played ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest overall amount of shutouts ? end 
PD: start what is the years for the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start when val0 is the name what is the year ? end 
PD: start what is the years for the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start when   val0 is the name what is the year ? end 
PD: start what is the years for the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start when val0 is the name what is the year ? end 
PD: start what is the years for the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start when val0 is the year what is the game ? end 
PD: start what is the week 4 nomination for the val0 ? end 
GT: start which week had the song choice val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the week 4 nomination for the val0 ? end 
GT: start which song was chosen during the val0 week ? end 
PD: start who is the artist 1 on val0 setlist that is val0 ? end 
GT: start what are all the order # s from the week " val0 " ? end 
PD: start who is the original artist of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which artists have order # val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the original artist of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which artists have order number val0 ? end 
Batch 74 | Validation Loss 5.539494
PD: start how many episodes in the series is val0 ? end 
GT: start how many episodes in the serie were title val0 end 
PD: start who directed the episode titled val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the episode directed by val0 end 
PD: start who directed the episode that had val0 million u.s . viewers ? end 
GT: start who directed the episode that have val0 million u.s viewers end 
PD: start what is every value for % 20 - 49 for the rating of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the official rating 16 - 39 for the episode with   a 16 - 39 share of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is every value for % 20 - 49 for the rating of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the official 4 + rating of the episode with a 16 - 39 share of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is every value for % 75 + when the rating is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the 16 - 39 share of the episode with a 4 + share of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the affiliation of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what university was val0 affiliated with ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest pick number for val0 ? end 
GT: start what pick number did val0 get ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what pick number is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start who was pick number val0 ? end 
PD: start what player is val0 from ? end 
GT: start what mls team picked val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the distinguished where the period is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the international use of the val0 flag ? end 
PD: start what is the link of the val0 software ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the flag that means val0 ? end 
PD: start how many different brief descriptions were there on the val0 package ? end 
GT: start how many different descriptions are there for the flag that means val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the interface when the predecessors is val0 and the is val1 ? end 
GT: start what are the meanings of the flag whose name transliterates to val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the interface when the predecessors is val0 and the is val1 ? end 
GT: start what are the meanings of the flag whose name transliterates to val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the interface when the predecessors is val0 and the is val1 ? end 
GT: start what are the meanings of the flag whose name transliterates to val0 ? end 
PD: start how many years was the runner - up val0 ? end 
GT: start how many 3rd runner up values does val0 have ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest 1st prize for any of the players ? end 
GT: start what is the smallest 1st runner up value ? end 
PD: start how many years was the 1st runner - up val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the number of 1st runner up values for val0 ? end 
PD: start who directed the episode that aired on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the us air date when the director is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the air date of the episode with val0 as the presenter ? end 
GT: start what is the canadian air date when the us air date is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the series # for the episode that aired on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the series # when the us air date is val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the streak on val0 ? end 
GT: start how many games had they won or lost in a row on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the tues 24 aug time for the rider whose tues 24 aug time was val0 ? end 
GT: start what is every entry for tuesday august 23 when thursday august 25 is val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the tues 24 aug time for the rider whose tues 24 aug time was val0 ? end 
GT: start what is every value on thursday august 25 for rank val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the run 2 of the rider with a run 2 of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is every entry on monday august 22 when the entry for wednesday august 24 is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the run 2 of the rider with a run 2 of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is every entry for friday august 26 if the entry for monday august 22 is val0 ? end 
PD: start how many people were in the val0 in the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many nationalities are there for the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the tournament for the val0 awards ? end 
GT: start which team was in the val0 tournament ? end 
PD: start which player has a val0 of val0 , and a player of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the coefficient for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the maac when the val0 is val0 ? end 
GT: start   the val0 tournament ? end 
Batch 75 | Validation Loss 4.259472
PD: start what is the location of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the nationality of the val0   tournament ? end 
PD: start who had the high points when the game was played in the val0 ? end 
GT: start who did the high points in game number val0 ? end 
PD: start how many games were scored when the high rebounds were val0 ? end 
GT: start in how many different games did val0 did the high rebounds ? end 
PD: start who had the high points when the high assists is val0 ? end 
GT: start who did the high assists in the game where val0 did the high points ? end 
PD: start how many high points in the high points ? end 
GT: start how many different high points results are there for the game on val0 ? end 
PD: start who had the most points in the series of val0 ? end 
GT: start in what series did val0 did most high points ? end 
PD: start what is the barony of the val0 townland ? end 
GT: start what is the barony of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the area of the val0 townland ? end 
GT: start what is the area in acres of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the civil parish of the val0 townland ? end 
GT: start in which civil parish is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the area of the val0 townland and the civil parish val1 ? end 
GT: start name   the townland for val0 and val1 end 
PD: start what is the civil parish of the val0 townland ? end 
GT: start name the civil parish for val0 end 
PD: start what is the area of the civil parish val0 and townland is val1 ? end 
GT: start name the area for civil parish val0 and val1 end 
PD: start what is the poor law union for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the poor law union of the val0 townland ? end 
PD: start what is the poor law union for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the poor law union of the val0 townland ? end 
PD: start what is the poor law union for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the poor law union of the val0 townland ? end 
PD: start what is the highest poplulation code   with   area ( /km )   being val0 end 
GT: start what is the maximum area ( in acres ) of the val0 townland ? end 
PD: start what is the civil parish of the val0 townland ? end 
GT: start what are the civil parishes of the val0 townland ? end 
PD: start what is the highest area in val0 with a area of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the greatest area when the poor law union is val0 and the civil parish is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the area of the val0 townland ? end 
GT: start what are the areas ( in acres ) of the val0 townland ? end 
PD: start what is the barony of the val0 townland ? end 
GT: start what are the baronies when the area ( in acres ) is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the area of the val0 townland ? end 
GT: start what are the poor law unions when the area ( in acres ) is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average number of losses for the val0 , earlier than val1 , and less than val2 wins ? end 
GT: start tell me the average rank for lossess less than val0 and wins less than val1 for val2 end 
PD: start what is the total number of losses for the manager who had more than val0 pct . , val1 wins , and more than val2 losses ? end 
GT: start tell me the sum of losses for wins less than val0 and rank of val1 with appearances larger than val2 end 
PD: start what is the total number of gold when the rank is less than val0 , silver is less than valval2 and the is less than val2 ? end 
GT: start which rank number has a silver of val0 , gold of val1 and total smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest total when the rank is val0 and bronze is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest total containing a bronze of val0 and rank smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the event with a track that is val0 ? end 
GT: start tell me the track for val0 end 
PD: start what was the race that had val0 races ? end 
GT: start tell me the track for val0 end 
PD: start who was the pole position for the val0 of val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start tell me the event name for val0 and val1 end 
PD: start who won the pole position on val0 ? end 
GT: start tell me the pole winner of val0 end 
PD: start what is the lowest value for val0 when the death/2012 is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start tell me the lowest kazakhstan for kyrghizstan of val0 and belarus less than val1 end 
PD: start what is the lowest rank for val0 when the total is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start tell me the lowest gold for rank of val0 and total less than val1 end 
PD: start what rank has a gold larger than val0 , a silver larger than valval2 , and a silver larger than val2 ? end 
GT: start tell me the rank for bronze less than val0 and gold less than valval2 end 
Batch 76 | Validation Loss 6.243133
PD: start what is the 2nd senior for the val0 ? end 
GT: start tell me the wl doubles with a debut of val0 end 
PD: start what is the total number of bids in the val0 conference , and less than val1 bids ? end 
GT: start for the val0 conference , what is the total number of win percentages when there are less than val1 bids ? end 
PD: start what is the average top-5 , when international is greater than val0 , and when the is greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the average regional finals score when the record is val0 and there are more than val1 bids ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the val0 competition ? end 
GT: start in what competition was the score reported as val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the match at val0 ? end 
GT: start at what venue was there a competition with a score reported as val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game against the val0 with val0 as the opponent ? end 
GT: start at what venue did the team from val0 score val1 ? end 
PD: start what player is from val0 ? end 
GT: start what team does val0 play on ? end 
PD: start what is the nhl team with pick number val0 ? end 
GT: start which mls team has the # val0 pick ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the player from val0 with a pick # greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start what position has val1 pick that is larger than # val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the position of the val0 team ? end 
PD: start what is the netflow version when vendor is val0 ? end 
GT: start tell me the service for versions val0 end 
PD: start what is the netflow version when vendor is val0 ? end 
GT: start tell me the versions for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the netflow version when vendor is val0 ? end 
GT: start tell me the aircraft for val0 end 
PD: start what is the netflow version when vendor is val0 ? end 
GT: start tell me the origin for val0 end 
PD: start what is the total number of top-1val1s where the are less than val0 cuts made and less than val1 win ? end 
GT: start tell me the total number of top 25 for wins less than val1 and cuts made of val0 end 
PD: start what is the total number of events , when tournament is val0 , and when top-25 is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start tell me the total number of events for tournament of val0 and top 25 less than val1 end 
PD: start what is the lowest league for val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the earliest year for the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 2010 value with val0 in 2011 ? end 
GT: start what is the 2007 lukoil oil prodroduction when in 2010 oil production val0 million tonnes ? end 
PD: start what is the 2010 value with val0 in 2011 ? end 
GT: start what is the 2010 lukoil oil prodroduction when in 2009 oil production val0 million tonnes ? end 
PD: start what is the 2007 value with val0 in 2011 ? end 
GT: start what is the 2004 lukoil oil prodroduction when in 2011 oil production val0 million tonnes ? end 
PD: start what is the 2007 value with val0 in 2009 ? end 
GT: start what is the 2005 lukoil oil prodroduction when in 2007 oil production val0 million tonnes ? end 
PD: start what is the 2007 value with val0 in 2009 ? end 
GT: start what is the 2005 lukoil oil prodroduction when in 2007 oil production val0 million tonnes ? end 
PD: start what is the most recent year for val0 with a than val1 appearances ? end 
GT: start tell me the highest home runs for val0 years before val1 end 
PD: start what is the lowest rank for gold larger than val0 ? end 
GT: start what nation has the lowest gold average that has a rank over val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the director of val0 ? end 
GT: start tell me the country for val0 end 
PD: start who directed the movie val0 ? end 
GT: start name the title of val0 end 
PD: start what is the power of the engine with a val0 capacity ? end 
GT: start what is the power output ( kw ) of model val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the power of the val0 with a power of val0 and a compression ratio of val1 ? end 
GT: start what model has a builder of val0 , and a power output of val1 ( kw ) ? end 
PD: start what is the power of the engine with a val0 capacity ? end 
GT: start what is the power output ( kw ) of model val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the production cost for the val0 directed by val0 , with a release date of val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the power output ( kw ) of builder val1 , model val2 , with a total production of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average bronze when silver is less than val0 ? end 
GT: start name the average bronze for total less than val0 end 
PD: start what is the year when the club is val0 and the is val1 ? end 
GT: start name the recipient of val0 for val1 end 
Batch 77 | Validation Loss 6.086342
PD: start what is the year for the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the recipientof the year for val0 end 
PD: start what is the year for the val0 debut ? end 
GT: start name the play for val0 end 
PD: start what year was the val0 club and the year was val1 ? end 
GT: start name the average year for val0 and recipient of val1 end 
PD: start what is the power of the val0 with a display power of val0 and a val1 i d ? end 
GT: start on channel val1 , when the power is val0 , what is the modulation ? end 
PD: start what is the frequency of the val0 station with a callsign of val1 ? end 
GT: start on channel val1 , when the power is val0 , what is the frequency ? end 
PD: start what is the highest amount of wins for the val0 season before val1 ? end 
GT: start tell me the highest wins for year less than val0 and best finish of val1 and tournaments played less than val2 end 
PD: start what is the years when the wins is more than val0 and the wins is val1 ? end 
GT: start tell me the scoring average for year less than val0 and wins more than val1 end 
PD: start what was the result of the game on val1 before val0 ? end 
GT: start what happened on val1 before week val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the trainer with a val0 winner ? end 
GT: start who won under val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the time of the match with a time of val0 and catches less than val1 ? end 
GT: start which trainer had a time of val1 with a year less than val0 ? end 
PD: start who won the val1 before val0 ? end 
GT: start which trainer won the val1 in a year that was before val0 ? end 
PD: start who won the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the time for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest place , when rider is greater than val0 ? end 
GT: start which places have points larger than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of laps for rider val0 , who has more than val1 points ? end 
GT: start what is the total grid number when val0 had more than val1 laps ? end 
PD: start how many laps were completed in grid val0 ? end 
GT: start when the grid number is val0 , what is the total number of laps ? end 
PD: start what is the grid when the laps is more than val0 , laps is more than val1 , and rider is val2 ? end 
GT: start which bike did val2 ride when he had a grid number larger than val0 and less than val1 laps ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the race that val0 is the winning driver ? end 
GT: start tell me the winning driver for val0 end 
PD: start what is the report for the val0 ? end 
GT: start tell me the report for val0 end 
PD: start what is the report for the val0 ? end 
GT: start tell me the report for val0 end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start tell me the winning constructor for the val0 end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 , with a val1 position , and after val2 ? end 
GT: start what date has the class of val0 as well as a driver name val1 that has a position larger than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 race with a val1 position , and a round larger than val2 ? end 
GT: start what team has a drive name val2 and a position larger than val0 as well as the date of 9 / val0953 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what class has the date of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 , the val1 , and the val2 val2 ? end 
GT: start what driver has a team of val0 and belongs to the class of val1 and has a position of val2 , as well as a date of 9/195val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest week for the val0 with a result of val1 ? end 
GT: start how many people attended the game with a result of val0 and a week earlier than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of draws for the team with val0 losses and less than val1 draws ? end 
GT: start how many values for lost% occur when the value for drawn is val0 and less than val1 lost ? end 
PD: start what is the average fa cup goals when the total goals is val0 and the apps is more than val1 ? end 
GT: start it has fa cup goals larger than valval1 and total goals of valval1 , what is the average total apps ? end 
PD: start what is the total avge total when the league cup apps is val0 and the fa cup goals is more than val1 ? end 
GT: start it has a fa cup goals smaller than val0 , and a fa cup apps larger than val1 , what is the total number of total apps ? end 
PD: start what is the total avge of the player with more than val0 league goals , val1 fa cup appearances , and more than valval2 league goals ? end 
GT: start the total goals have a fa cup apps larger than val0 , and a total apps of val1 , and a league apps smaller than val2 ? , what is the total number ? end 
PD: start what is the result of week val0 with a record of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the result when the record was val1 and it was earlier than week val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the val0ompression chroma format   with   scalable modes   being val0 and   intra dc precbeingion   being val1 end 
GT: start whval1 t val1re the bore & stroke specificval1tions for val1n engine with vval1l0 cval1rburetor val1nd vin code of val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the game against the val0 with a result of val1 ? end 
GT: start which opponent has val0 attendance , and val1 ? end 
Batch 78 | Validation Loss 4.826359
PD: start what was the result of the game against the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the result from the val0 opponent ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance for the game against the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the attendance rate for the val0 opponent ? end 
PD: start what is the spanish word for the val0 rr romaja ? end 
GT: start the capital of val0 has what local letter ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start tell me the venue for extra of val0 and year less than val1 end 
PD: start what is the sum of year , when result is val0 ? end 
GT: start tell me the sum of year for val0 result end 
PD: start who was the partner in the val0 tournament ? end 
GT: start tell me the extra for tournament of val0 end 
PD: start what is the latest year that the result is val0 ? end 
GT: start tell me the highest year for result of val0 end 
PD: start what is the envelopment of the val0 ? end 
GT: start tell me the shigella for yersinia val0 end 
PD: start what is the envelopment of the val0 ? end 
GT: start tell me the shigella and val0 end 
PD: start who was the opponent on val0 ? end 
GT: start tell me the opponent for val0 end 
PD: start what is the time of the game with an attendance of val0 ? end 
GT: start tell me the tv time for attendance of val0 end 
PD: start what week was the lowest attendance val0 ? end 
GT: start tell me the lowest week for attendance of val0 end 
PD: start what is the special notes for val0 ? end 
GT: start which ensemble name has the advertisement date val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the area of the val0 val1 a val0 in the val1 ? end 
GT: start who is the winning applicant of block val0 in val1 area ? end 
PD: start what is the area of the corporation with a val0 ? end 
GT: start which block does val0 area have ? end 
PD: start what is the theme when the printing is val0 and the is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is ensemble name val1 's advertisement date in block val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the area of the val0 townland ? end 
GT: start what is val0 area 's ensemble name ? end 
PD: start what is the truncating vowel final stem with val0 as the male rep . and val1 as the male talent ? end 
GT: start who is the winning applicant of ensemble name val1 in block val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score when the home team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the home team that scored val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the average crowd size at val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the average crowd size of games held at val0 ? end 
PD: start what day did the home team score val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the date of the game where the home team scored val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team 's score when the match where the was the home team ? end 
GT: start what was the home team 's score at the game attended by more than val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score when the home team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the home team that scored val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the time of the rider whose rider was val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the time for the man who scored val0 point ? end 
PD: start what was the away team at val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the away team when the vfl played at val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the lowest attendance at val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the crowd when the vfl played val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the average crowd size for the him val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the crowd when val0 was the home team ? end 
PD: start what lane is the val0 in lanes under val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the total of lane(s ) for swimmers from val0 with a 50 m split of faster than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is val1´s highest lane number for the swimmer with a time of val0 and a time smaller than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the slowest 50 m split time for a total of val0 in a lane of less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of lanes for val0 , and a lane larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the total sum of 50 m splits for val0 in lanes above val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score at val0 ? end 
GT: start which venue had a home team score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score when the home team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score for the home team val0 ? end 
Batch 79 | Validation Loss 5.602726
PD: start what was the average crowd size when the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the average crowd size when val0 is the away team ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 party in the val1 district ? end 
GT: start what is the name val1f the senatval1r in the val1 district whval1 assumed val1ffice in val0 ? end 
PD: start which party has more than val0 votes , an election description of val1 , and a district of val2 ? end 
GT: start whval2 t is the pval2rty of the senval2tor in district val2 , who val2ssumed office before vval2l1 val2nd will be up for re - election val2fter vval2l0 ? end 
PD: start what is the partner in the val0 tournament ? end 
GT: start what is the 1944 result for the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the partner of the val0 tournament in val1 ? end 
GT: start whval0 t is the tournval0ment thval0 t hval0d val0 result of val0 in 1954 val0nd val1 in 1942 ? end 
PD: start what is the average stage , when equipment is greater than val0 , and when rider is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the average number of years on learners of the drivers over the age of valval1 with less than val1 attempts at the licence test ? end 
PD: start what is the manufacturer for cars going after val0 with a val1 of val1 ? end 
GT: start which driver is older than val1 and has more than val0 licence test attempts ? end 
PD: start what day was val0 the home team ? end 
GT: start when was val0 the home team ? end 
PD: start what was the home team at val0 ? end 
GT: start where did val0 play a home game ? end 
PD: start what is the total lost for the club with less than val0 played ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of losses for teams with less than val0 games played ? end 
PD: start who was the co - driver in val0 when the year was val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the rider status for the val1 val0 team ? end 
PD: start who was the winner in the val0 year of val1 ? end 
GT: start who was the winner in val1 with an val0 rider status ? end 
PD: start what is the most recent year for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the latest year when val0 won ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the race that has val0 after val1 ? end 
GT: start what ream played later than val0 in the val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the laps for val0 , who has more than val1 laps and more than val2 laps ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of laps that has a car number of larger than val0 , is a val1 , and has val055 points ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest laps that has val0 laps and less than val1 points ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest number of laps for val1 with under val0 points ? end 
PD: start what was the away team at val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the away team that played fitzroy on may 13 , 1950 at val0 . end 
PD: start what was the lowest attendance at val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the lowest crowd size at the val0 venue ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score when the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the away team 's score when fitzroy 's score was val0 on may 13 , 1950 . end 
PD: start who was the home team when the away team scored val0 and the away team scored val1 ? end 
GT: start who is the away side when the crowd is over val0 with val1 at home ? end 
PD: start what was the home team at val0 ? end 
GT: start which venue 's home team is val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance when val0 was the away team ? end 
GT: start how many people in the crowd with val0 as an away team ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the away team that played at val0 ? end 
GT: start which team was at val1 on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team 's score at the game played at val1 ? end 
GT: start which venue has a crowd over val0 and a home team score of val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score when the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the home team score for the val0 away team ? end 
PD: start what was the rider for the rider val0 ? end 
GT: start which rider had a time of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the rider when the rider is val0 and the rider is val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the time for val1 of team val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times was hancock when the was val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of lunsford votes when the percentage of those votes is val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score at val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the home team 's score at the game held at val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team 's score when the match where the was the home team ? end 
GT: start what was the home team 's score at the game that had a crowd larger than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the nationality of val0 ? end 
GT: start which player started in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what position was for val0 ? end 
Batch 80 | Validation Loss 4.601636
PD: start what is the nationality of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start which school has the player that started in val0 ? end 
PD: start what was val0 's score as the home team ? end 
GT: start who was the home team for the game where val0 was the away team ? end 
PD: start what was the date of the game where the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start when was the game where the away team had a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the home team when the away team scored val0 and the away team scored val1 ? end 
GT: start who was the home team for the game where val1 was the away team and the crowd was over val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game when the val0 were the home team ? end 
GT: start what was attendance of the whole season when the average attendance for league cup was val0 ? end 
PD: start what label has val0 as the label , and val1 as the label ? end 
GT: start what was the val0 catalog of val1 format ? end 
PD: start what label is on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is val0 format ? end 
PD: start what is the region year for the val0 region ? end 
GT: start what year did val0 form a label ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player with a length of val0 ? end 
GT: start what name is associated with a longer length than val0 ? end 
PD: start how many years did val0 play for ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of all the years that val0 won the espy award ? end 
PD: start how many ranks have val0 as the name ? end 
GT: start how many uninterrupted ranks does val0 have ? end 
PD: start what is the , when the is val0 , when the is val1 , and when the is val2 ? end 
GT: start who has a total tenure time and uninterrupted time of val0 , as well as a total tenure rank of val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the points difference for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the value of match points when the points for is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lost when the points is val0 and the lost is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the amount of match points for a club that lost val0 and has val1 bonus points ? end 
PD: start what is the points when the points is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the diff for a club that has a value of val0 for points for ? end 
PD: start what is the total of the points scored when the team was val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the number of games for a club that has a value of val0 for points for ? end 
PD: start what is the points difference for the team with val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the number of games for a club that has val0 match points ? end 
PD: start what is the points difference for the club val0 ? end 
GT: start how many bonus points did the val0 earn ? end 
PD: start what is the venue on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the venue for the event on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the competition on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the competition that occured on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the venue on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the venue of the game on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the match on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score of the game played on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance at val0 ? end 
GT: start how large was the crowd at val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance when val0 was the away team ? end 
GT: start how big was the crowd when the away team was val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the largest crowd for the val0 home team ? end 
GT: start what was the largest crowd where the home team was val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team at val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the venue where val0 played as the home team ? end 
PD: start what was val0 's score as the home team ? end 
GT: start who was the away team playing the home team val0 ? end 
PD: start what engine oval1 with rounds of val0 for val1 end 
GT: start who built val1 's car with the val0 engine ? end 
PD: start what is the engine for the val0 engine and val1 chassis ? end 
GT: start what engine is used by val0 with an val1 chassis ? end 
PD: start what is the constructor for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what team used the val0 built car ? end 
PD: start what is the constructor for the val0 ? end 
GT: start who built the val0 car ? end 
PD: start what chassis has val0 rounds ? end 
GT: start what chassis does the val0 built car use ? end 
Batch 81 | Validation Loss 5.879773
PD: start what is the chassis for the val0 engine and val1 chassis ? end 
GT: start what team uses a val0 engine and val1 chassis ? end 
PD: start what is the average population ( 2010 census ) , when area ( km² ) is greater than val0 , and when capital is val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the population of a county in 1960 that had a population of val0 in 2000 and val1 in 2040 ? end 
PD: start what is the population ( 1991 census ) if the population is less than val0 and the population is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the population of a county in 2040 that had a population less than val0 in 2000 and less than val1 in 1960 ? end 
PD: start what is the average population in 2011 in millions for the city of val0 in 2011 tourism receipts in 2011 tourism receipts ? end 
GT: start what was val0 's population in 1960 , with a population of val1 in 2000 ? end 
PD: start what week had an attendance of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of week number(s ) had an attendance of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team 's score when the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the away side when val1 is at home and has a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score at val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the home team 's score when the venue is val0 ? end 
PD: start what was val0 's score as the home team ? end 
GT: start what is the away team when val0 is at home ? end 
PD: start what is the highest total , when the number of dances is val0 , and when the total is larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest average that has val0 dances and a total of over val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the percentage of the candidate with val0 ? end 
GT: start which party has a net gain / loss of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the percentage of the candidate with val0 seats and val1 total seats ? end 
GT: start when the val1 had a net gain / loss of val0 , how many seats did they have ? end 
PD: start what was the percentage of votes for coakley in the val0 ? end 
GT: start when there was a net gain / loss of val0 , what was the percentage of seats that party held ? end 
PD: start what is the percentage of votes for the candidate that had val0 votes ? end 
GT: start regarding the seats that casted val0 % of the vote how many seats were held ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score when the home team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start how many points does val0 score as the home side ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score when the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the home team 's score when val0 is away ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the player from val0 with a val1 card ? end 
GT: start what player played on val04 / val05/1999 with a conv of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the player from val0 with a val1 ? end 
GT: start what date did val1 play at val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the away team score when the home team scored val0 and the away team scored val1 , and the away team score was val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the home team at val2 with an away team score of val1 and more than val0 people ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score when the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the home team score when the away team is val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score when the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the home team score when the away team is val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score when the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what away team has a home team score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team at val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the home team for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the state with a val0 in 200r , and a val1 ? end 
GT: start which country has a youth ( 15 - 24 ) literacy rate total of val0 and has an adult women literacy rate of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the country when the country is val0 and defeated is val1 ? end 
GT: start which country has its most recent year as being val0 and has an adult men literacy rate of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the country of the company with val0 in 2009 and val1 ? end 
GT: start what country has a youth ( 15 - 24 ) literacy rate total of val0 , and a youth men of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the nickname of the school in val0 , and the mascot is val1 ? end 
GT: start which val0 college has a nickname of the val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest founded that has a school of val0 , and a mascot of val1 ? end 
GT: start which of the val0 colleges is the oldest , and whose nickname is the val1 ? end 
PD: start which school has a year joined smaller than val0 ? end 
GT: start which college 's enrollment is less than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the crowd when the away team scored val0 , and the away team score was val1 ? end 
GT: start how much is the sum of every crowd in attendance when the away score was val0 for val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the away team score when the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start which away team had a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what day did val0 play as the away team ? end 
GT: start on what date does val0 play as the away team ? end 
PD: start what was the away team score when the home team scored val0 and the away team scored val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the home team when the val1 away team had a score of val0 ? end 
Batch 82 | Validation Loss 5.959135
PD: start what was the away team score when the home team scored val0 and the away team scored val1 ? end 
GT: start which away team had a score of val0 against the home team val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score at val0 ? end 
GT: start which venue hosted a home team with a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest goals for a team with less than val0 goals taken ? end 
GT: start what team with a game smaller than val0 has the lowest goal gain ? end 
PD: start what is the nationality of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the nationality of all players from the year val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the nationality of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the nationality of every player that attended val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the largest crowd when the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the largest crowd to view a game where the away team scored val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the away team at val0 ? end 
GT: start which team was the away team when the game was at val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the away team score when the home team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score for the away team when the home team was val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the away team 's score at val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the venue when the away team scored val0 ? end 
PD: start what day was the away team val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the date of the game when the away team was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the away team score when the crowd is larger than val0 and the home team score is val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the score for the away team that played against val1 and has a crowd over val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 2009–10 when 2009–10 is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the percentage of glendale when pasadena is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 2009–10 when the 2007–08 is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the percentage of tujunja when pasadena is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the shield winnerin where the val0 is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the percentage of tukunga when la crescenta - montrose is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 2009–10 when the 2007–08 is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the figure for pasadena when tujunga is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the record for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the percentage of glendale when la canada flintridge is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the career for the bowler with val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the figure for la crescenta - montrose when gelndale is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the birthplace of the player who played at val0 and had a val1 of val1 ? end 
GT: start how many drops did val0 have in val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average finish for the val0 with a val1 of val0 and a of val1 ? end 
GT: start how many conversions had valval1 pens and valval1 tries ? end 
PD: start what is the penalty for val0 when the long is val1 ? end 
GT: start how many conversions did val1 have when he has val0 pens ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score when the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the away team 's score when the home team scores val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score at val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the home team 's score at val0 ? end 
PD: start what day did the vfl pay val0 ? end 
GT: start what day is the venue the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the muzzle energy of the bullet used val0 ? end 
GT: start which bullet diameter has a name of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the maximum height for the val0 ? end 
GT: start which case length has a rim diameter of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the muzzle energy with a val0 of emissions ? end 
GT: start which bullet diameter has a neck diameter of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the maximum height for the val0 ? end 
GT: start which rim diameter has a neck diameter of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the length of the bullet used in val0 ? end 
GT: start which case type has a cartridge length of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the capacity of the val0 mine val1 ? end 
GT: start which case type has a base diameter of val0 , and a case length of val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance on val0 ? end 
GT: start what day had val0 attending ? end 
PD: start what was the date of the game at val0 ? end 
GT: start what day did they play at val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the date of the game in week val1 after week val0 ? end 
GT: start what day had over val0 attending week val1 ? end 
Batch 83 | Validation Loss 5.209511
PD: start what is the attendance when the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the crowd size of the game when val0 is the away team ? end 
PD: start what was the away team at val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the venue when val0 is the away team ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the ( south ) , when the change ( % ) is greater than val0 , and when capital is val1 ? end 
GT: start how many dwellings does val0 have that have a change percent larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total population of the parish with a population density larger than val0 and a population density larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the density of an area that is val0 km and has a population more than val1 ? end 
PD: start what week has an attendance less than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the average week number of all the matches where less than val0 people attended ? end 
PD: start what is the highest attendance for the val0 after week val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the largest crowd size at a match against the val0 after week val1 of the season ? end 
PD: start what was the average crowd size when the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the average crowd size when val0 is the away team ? end 
PD: start what is the smallest crowd when the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the smallest crowd to see the away team score val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the away team 's score when they scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the away team that scored val0 at val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the away team 's score at val0 ? end 
GT: start where did the away team score val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the average crowd size when the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the average crowd to watch val0 as the away team ? end 
PD: start what was val0 's score as the home team ? end 
GT: start what away team played val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the largest crowd when val0 was the away team ? end 
GT: start what was the size of the largest crowd that val0 played in front of as the away team ? end 
PD: start what is the average crowd size for val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the average crowd at val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance when val0 played as the home team ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of all the crowds that watched val0 at home ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance at val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the crowd size at val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the smallest crowd when the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the smallest crowd that watched an away team score val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the margin of victory when the winning score was val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the winning score when there were val0 advantage ? end 
PD: start what was juli 's margin of victory on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the margin of victory on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the driver for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what make of car did val0 drive ? end 
PD: start what is the average points for val0 rider ? end 
GT: start what is the average car number of all the drivers with val0 points ? end 
PD: start what is the average starts with a val0 engine ? end 
GT: start what is the average car number of all the drivers who have won val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance when val0 played as the home team ? end 
GT: start how many people were in the crowd when val0 was the home team ? end 
PD: start what was val0 's score as the home team ? end 
GT: start which home team competed against the away team val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance at val0 ? end 
GT: start how many people were present in a total of every crowd at the val0 venue ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score when the home team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score for the home team of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance at val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of all crowds present at the val0 venue ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of votes for the val0 electorate , which had more than val1 total passengers ? end 
GT: start how many elections had more than val0 inhabitants when mayor was val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 party ? end 
GT: start what party was val0 afilliated with ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of elections when the number of candidates mt was val0 , and the number of votes is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start in the election earlier than val1 how many inhabitants had a party of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of votes before val0 in the val1 election , which had less than val2 total ? end 
GT: start how many inhabitants were in the val0 for an election before val2 for mayor of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the speed of the rider val0 ? end 
GT: start at val0 speed , what is the time ? end 
Batch 84 | Validation Loss 4.338285
PD: start what was the rider of the rider whose time was val0 ? end 
GT: start which rider has a val0 time ? end 
PD: start how many times is the rider val0 ? end 
GT: start how many ranks have val0 as a rider ? end 
PD: start what was the largest crowd when val0 was the away team ? end 
GT: start what is the largest crowd when the away team is val0 ? end 
PD: start what day was the away team val0 ? end 
GT: start what date was the game when the away team was val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score when the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score of the home team when the away team scored val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the away team score when the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the score of the away team when the crowd was larger than val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the away team at val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the away team when the game was at val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the location in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what date has a theme of val0 ? end 
PD: start what year was the val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the earliest year it was located in val0 , and a anthem of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of afc games for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what sweet sixteen team is in the val0 conference ? end 
PD: start what label released a val0 ? end 
GT: start what date is associated with the val0 label ? end 
PD: start what label is on val0 ? end 
GT: start what label has a catalog of val0 ? end 
PD: start what label is from the val0 region and val1 as the region ? end 
GT: start what label is associated with the val0 and the val1 catalog ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance when val0 was the away team ? end 
GT: start what is the listed crowd when val0 is the away squad ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance at val0 ? end 
GT: start what venue featured a crowd of over val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance at val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the listed crowd at val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the event with a date of val0 ? end 
GT: start what date was the val0 competition ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the val0 with a time of val1 ? end 
GT: start where were the val0 with a time of val1 held ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score when the home team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the home team score for val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score when the home team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what home team has a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team at val0 ? end 
GT: start what home team played at val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score at val0 ? end 
GT: start where did a home team score val0 ? end 
PD: start what was week val0 's result ? end 
GT: start what was the score of the browns week val0 game ? end 
PD: start what is the accreditation level for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what year has val0 as the slogan ? end 
PD: start what is the fineness of the val0 in the val1 class ? end 
GT: start which lner 1946 number is from val0 and has an lner number of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the number of the val0 performed by val0 ? end 
GT: start what is order val0 's lner 1946 number ? end 
PD: start what was the away team at val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the away side at val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score when the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the home team when val0 is the away team ? end 
PD: start what was the away team at val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the venue when val0 was the away team ? end 
PD: start what day did the vfl pay val0 ? end 
GT: start what day does the team play at val0 ? end 
PD: start what week was the attendance greater than val0 ? end 
GT: start how many weeks had an attendance larger than val0 ? end 
Batch 85 | Validation Loss 4.916498
PD: start what week was the game played val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the date of week val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the lowest attendance on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest attendance on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team 's score at the game played at val1 ? end 
GT: start at what venue where the home team scored val1 was the crowd larger than val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score when the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the away team when the home team scored val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the away team score when the home team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the home team when the away team scored val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score when the home team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the home team that scored val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the away team at val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the away team at the game at val0 ? end 
PD: start what day did the away team score val0 ? end 
GT: start when was the game when val0 was the away team ? end 
PD: start what is the highest number of laps for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest number of laps for the driver with val0 points ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the driver for val0 ? end 
GT: start what team does val0 race for ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the game on val1 after week val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the result of the game after week val0 on val1 ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent for week val0 ? end 
GT: start who did the patriots play in week val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the result on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the result of the game on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the least amount of silver when the rank is more than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the fewest number of silver medals a nation who ranked below val0 received ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of points when the time is val0 , and the place is more than val1 , and the rider is val2 ? end 
GT: start which place has points larger than val0 , a val1 machine , and a time of val0 : val08.47.6 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of laps for val0 , and the team is val1 ? end 
GT: start how many total laps did the val0 that won val1 make ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance when the home team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the crowd size when there was a home team score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the away team at val0 ? end 
GT: start what away team played at val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the away team 's score at val0 ? end 
GT: start at what venue did an away team score val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average week for the week greater than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the average attendance after week val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of swimsuit scores where the result is val0 and the number of electorates is greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start how many people were injured in total in val0 with more than val1 people killed ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest beatification that has val0 killed and val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the least amount of injuries in val0 when val1 people were killed ? end 
PD: start what day did the home team score val0 ? end 
GT: start when did the match take place that had a home team score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the largest crowd when the home team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start of matches that had a home team score of val0 , which one had the largest crowd ? end 
PD: start what was the home team at val0 ? end 
GT: start which team plays home at val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the largest crowd when val0 was the away team ? end 
GT: start which match where val0 was the away team had the largest crowd ? end 
PD: start what was the away team 's score at val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the away team 's score at the match played at the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total crowd of the val0 away team ? end 
GT: start at the match where the away team scored val0 , what was the crowd size ? end 
PD: start who was the winner of the episode with val0 as the winner and the val1 as the winner ? end 
GT: start what air date has a val0 winner and an val1 challenge ? end 
PD: start what is the air date of the val0 ? end 
GT: start on which air date was val0 the test - taker ? end 
PD: start what was the winning time of the match with val0 as the winner ? end 
GT: start what is the result for passing in the val0 challenge ? end 
PD: start what is the class for val0 , and val1 ? end 
GT: start what nation of citizenship has a val0 vehicle with a year of val1 ? end 
Batch 86 | Validation Loss 5.323144
PD: start what is the class for the val0 val1 ? end 
GT: start what driver has a val0 vehicle with a year of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the class for val0 , and val1 ? end 
GT: start what nation of citizenship has a val0 vehicle with a year of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the class of the race with val0 as the manufacturer , val1 as the driver , and val2 as the driver ? end 
GT: start what year has the vehicle of val0 and a racing series of val1 with a nation of citizenship in val2 . end 
PD: start what is the highest elevation ( m ) when the rank is val0 , and the location is val1 ? end 
GT: start on what route is the mountain with a rank less than val0 and an elevation of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the , when ring number is less than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the surface of the route less than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is ring name , when ring rank is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the mountain pass with a val0 rank ? end 
PD: start what is the elevation in meters for the city of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the elevation of the mountain on route val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the elevation msnm for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what mountain pass has an elevation of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game when the visiting team was the val0 and the record was val1 ? end 
GT: start which score has a visitor of val0 , and a record of val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
GT: start which score has a date of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the kickoff time for the game with a val0 of val0 and a record of val1 ? end 
GT: start which game site has a kickoff ( et ) of val0 , and a record of val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the record at the val0 against val1 ? end 
GT: start which opponent has a game site of val0 , and a record of val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the kickoff time for the game that had a result of val0 ? end 
GT: start which kickoff ( et ) has a result of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the building at val0 , and a name of val1 ? end 
GT: start which floors have a location of val0 , and a name of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest rank for val0 ? end 
GT: start which rank is the lowest one that has a name of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the building at val0 ? end 
GT: start which name has a location of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the height of the player with a height of val0 and a height of val1 ft ? end 
GT: start which height metres / feet has a rank of val0 , and floors of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the time of the match with a time of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the time for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the val0 round val1 before round val1 ? end 
GT: start who was the opponent in val0 in a round less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the method of resolution for the fight against val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the method for opponent of val0 ? end 
PD: start what event has val0 as the method , and val1 as the opponent ? end 
GT: start which event had an opponent of val0 with a val1 method ? end 
PD: start what was the time when the opponent was val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the time for an opponent of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the livery with a quantity of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the manufacturer serial number of the val0 withdrawn year ? end 
PD: start what is the wheel arrangement for the val0 quantity ? end 
GT: start what was the year the mrwa with a wheel arrangement of val0 was introduced ? end 
PD: start what is the nhl team for round val0 ? end 
GT: start what college / junior / club team ( league ) has val0 as the round ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from val0 in a round greater than val1 and a val2 position ? end 
GT: start which player has val0 as nationality , val1 as position and a greater than val2 round ? end 
PD: start how many rounds did val0 have a overall of val1 ? end 
GT: start name the total number of round for val0 for val1 end 
PD: start what is the episode number of the episode titled val0 ? end 
GT: start what episode is called val0 end 
PD: start what was the result of the game on val0 ? end 
GT: start tell me the date with result of val0 end 
PD: start what was the result of the game that had an attendance of val0 ? end 
GT: start name the attendance with result of val0 end 
PD: start who was the opponent at the game played at val0 ? end 
GT: start name the venue for val0 end 
PD: start what is the region , when region is val0 ? end 
GT: start which region has a catalog of val0 ? end 
Batch 87 | Validation Loss 4.659865
PD: start what label has val0 as the label , val1 as the label , and val2 as the region ? end 
GT: start which region has a format of val0 , and a label of val1 , and a catalog of val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the format for val0 ? end 
GT: start which format has a date of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the region of the val0 content a val1 of val1 ? end 
GT: start which format has a region of val0 , and a catalog of val1 ? end 
PD: start what label has val0 as the label , and val1 as the format ? end 
GT: start which label has a region of val0 , and a format of val1 ? end 
PD: start what label has a catalogue of val0 ? end 
GT: start which format has a label of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the game played at val0 ? end 
GT: start which result 's venue was in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 district ? end 
GT: start what is the district of val0 end 
PD: start what week had an attendance of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the average attendance at a week val0 game ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the game at val0 ? end 
GT: start what venue held that game with a result of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average week for the game on val1 with an attendance greater than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the average week of the game on val0 attended by val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the player from val0 with a round greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start which name had more than val0 rounds and was a val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the pick number for the val0 ? end 
GT: start which overall 's pick number was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest overall number of the player from val0 with a pick # less than val1 ? end 
GT: start which highest pick number had val0 as a name and where the overall was less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average game number with more than val0 points and an opponent of val1 ? end 
GT: start how many points have an opponent of val0 and a game larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average game number with a record of val0 and a april larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start which october has a record of val0 , and a game larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the year when the playoffs is val0 ? end 
GT: start which playoffs took place during val0 ? end 
PD: start what year was the val0 in ? end 
GT: start which open cup was in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the league for the val0 playoffs in val1 ? end 
GT: start when did the val0 have val1 ? end 
PD: start which opponent has a october smaller than val0 , and a points of val1 ? end 
GT: start what opponent has an average less than val0 and a january average less than val1 end 
PD: start what is the february temperature where the points is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the average for january with points of val0 end 
PD: start what is the average number of top-1val1s for events with val0 cuts made and less than val1 top - val15s ? end 
GT: start how many vuts made for a player with val0 wins and under val1 top 5s ? end 
PD: start what is the highest top-5 when cuts made is less than val0 , and the top-5 is val1 ? end 
GT: start how many top 10s associated with val0 top 5s and under val1 cuts made ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the top-25 that have events less than val0 ? end 
GT: start how many top val00s when he had under val0 top 5s ? end 
PD: start what was the loss of the game when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start what loss has val0 as a loss ? end 
PD: start what was the record when the home was val0 ? end 
GT: start what was their record when they were at val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the record on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was their record on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the chassis for the val0 val1 with a val1 chassis ? end 
GT: start driver val1 with a val0 as a chassis is in what class ? end 
PD: start what is the engine for the val0 , val1 , the val1 , and val2 as the driver ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the driver with a val0 engine , in the val1 class , with val2 as chassis and on the val3 team ? end 
PD: start which chassis has val0 tires , val1 tires , and val2 as the team ? end 
GT: start what type of engine does the val0 have that also has val1 as chassis and val2 as the driver ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which team does val0 drive for ? end 
PD: start what is the class for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the team whose class is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 doctor that is in the val1 ? end 
GT: start which company launched in val0 and has a hanzi of val1 ? end 
Batch 88 | Validation Loss 4.991004
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start where did the hanzi of val0 originate ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the rollercoaster that opened in val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the hanzi of val0 in val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 that has a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the hanzi of val1 that launched in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest against when the difference is val0 ? end 
GT: start which against is the highest one that has a difference of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average drawn for the team with val0 points and more than val1 played ? end 
GT: start which average played has a drawn smaller than val0 , and points larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the positions for the player with more than val0 played ? end 
GT: start which position has a played larger than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest number of draws for the team with val0 losses and less than val1 played ? end 
GT: start which lost is the highest one that has a drawn smaller than val0 , and a played smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest lost when the position is val0 and the goals against is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start which points is the highest one that has a position of valval1 , and a lost smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the district for the incumbent val1 with incumbent val1 ? end 
GT: start which district has a first elected of val0 and an incumbent of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest result for the val0 district val1 ? end 
GT: start what 's the highest first elected with a result of val0 and district of val1 ? end 
PD: start what candidate(s ) ran for val0 ? end 
GT: start which incumbent has a district of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the result for the election in the val0 district ? end 
GT: start which district has a result of val0 and a first elected of val1 ? end 
PD: start what candidate(s ) ran for val0 ? end 
GT: start which incumbent has a district of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the competition on val1 with a val0 competition ? end 
GT: start name the venue for val0 competition val1 end 
PD: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
GT: start name the date for score of val0 end 
PD: start who won the gold in val0 ? end 
GT: start what gold has the year of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest year that val0 is the city ? end 
GT: start what 's the lowest year with the location of val0 ? end 
PD: start where did val0 win silver ? end 
GT: start what silver has the location of val0 ? end 
PD: start who won the gold in val0 ? end 
GT: start what gold has the year of val0 ? end 
PD: start who won the silver when val0 won the silver ? end 
GT: start what silver has a golf of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the bronze cumulative for val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the bronze with the year of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average rank for val0 when the places is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the average number of silver medals for countries with val0 gold and rank under val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average rank for the nation with more than val0 bronze , less than val1 silver , and less than valval2 bronze ? end 
GT: start what is the average gold medals for countries with more than valval1 bronze , more than valval1 silver , rank over val2 and total over val3 ? end 
PD: start what is the laops for the val0 , and val1 laps ? end 
GT: start what team had val0 labs and the driver was val1 ? end 
PD: start how many grids did val0 ride in ? end 
GT: start what is the grid number for the team from val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the driver for val0 ? end 
GT: start for what team is val0 the driver ? end 
PD: start what was the result for the val0 awards ? end 
GT: start which award has the category of the val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the winning team on val0 ? end 
GT: start with a date of val0 , what is the winning team ? end 
PD: start what was the winning team on val0 ? end 
GT: start what winning team has val0 as a date ? end 
PD: start who won the val0 on val1 ? end 
GT: start who is the winning driver that has a winning team of val0 and also the date val1 ? end 
PD: start who was the winning team when the val0 was the winning team ? end 
GT: start what round was the winning team val0 ? end 
PD: start what nhl team picked val0 ? end 
GT: start which player(s ) was drafted by the val0 ? end 
Batch 89 | Validation Loss 4.052758
PD: start what is the result for the val0 after val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the award in a year more than val0 , and the result of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the result for the val0 earlier than val1 in the val1 award ? end 
GT: start what is the award for the val0 earlier than val1 and the result is val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the result for the val0 , val1 , and a result of val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the organisation in val0 that was val1 and the award of val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the result for the year after val0 , the award , val1 , and the award is val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the representative work in a year later than val0 with a result of val1 , and an award of val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the year for the val0 ceremony with a val1 award ? end 
GT: start what is the award for val0 with representative work of val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start score of val0 has what record ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game when the home team was val0 ? end 
GT: start home of val0 had what score ? end 
PD: start how many points were scored when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start record of val0 had what total number of points ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the years where the points are more than val0 and the wins is val1 ? end 
GT: start how many wins did the team , which had more than val1 points , have in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest amount of wins before val0 with val1 points ? end 
GT: start what is the highest number of points the team with val0 wins had before val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the pick number for the val0 ? end 
GT: start in what round was pick # val0 drafted ? end 
PD: start what is the position of val0 ? end 
GT: start what player is a val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the round of the val0 ? end 
GT: start in what round was a player from college of val0 drafted ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the pick that is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the position of pick # val0 ? end 
PD: start what college did val0 attend ? end 
GT: start what is val0 's college ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the length and duration of the race on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date for the val0 circuit ? end 
GT: start what was the circuit had a race on val0 . end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the date of the race that lasted val0 ? end 
PD: start what circuit was the val0 circuit ? end 
GT: start what are the classes for the circuit that has the val0 race . end 
PD: start which opponent has october larger than val0 , and a points of val1 ? end 
GT: start which opponent has points less than val0 , and a november greater than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest game number for the val0 in november less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest november that has a game less than val0 , and val1 as the opponent ? end 
PD: start what record has an opponent of val0 , and a date larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start what record has a november greater than val0 , and val1 as the opponent ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the score when the record was val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the score for the team with a record of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the record when the home was val0 ? end 
GT: start which home team has a record of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average number of wins for the val0 class , which has more than val1 points , and a val2 class ? end 
GT: start what is the average wins in val0 class for val1 with val3 points later than val2 ? end 
PD: start what class has more than val0 years , val1 wins , and more than val2 points ? end 
GT: start which class corresponds to more than valval2 points , wins greater than val2 , and a year earlier than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the years where the is val0 and the year is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of all points in valval1 with val1 wins ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which country has a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the fastest lap for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the fastest lap in the val0 circuit ? end 
PD: start who had the fastest lap in the val0 round ? end 
GT: start what is the fastest lap of the val1 circuit with val0 as the winning team ? end 
PD: start who was the pole position for the val0 at the val1 ? end 
GT: start who is the winning driver of the val1 circuit with val0 as the pole position ? end 
Batch 90 | Validation Loss 4.639359
PD: start who won the val0 on val1 with a val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the winning team of the race on val2 with val0 as the winning manufacturer and val1 as the winning driver ? end 
PD: start who is the winning driver for the val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the winning driver of the race with val0 as the winning manufacturer ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the val0 tournament with a val1 surface ? end 
GT: start in what tournament was the score of val1 in a match played on a val0 surface ? end 
PD: start what was the surface of the partner was val0 , and a score of val1 ? end 
GT: start who was the partner in a game with the score of val1 on a val0 surface ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the match on val0 ? end 
GT: start on what date was the score val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the year when the val0 is val0 ? end 
GT: start when was the year that had an average attendance of val0 ? end 
PD: start what league is val0 in ? end 
GT: start in val0 , what was the league name ? end 
PD: start what is the lost for the val0 ? end 
GT: start if the val0 was val0 , what is the lost ? end 
PD: start what is the tries for that has val0 tries for ? end 
GT: start if the losing bonus was val0 , what is the tries for ? end 
PD: start what is the draw for the club with val0 points against ? end 
GT: start if points against was val0 , what is the drawn ? end 
PD: start what is the points when the tries against is val0 and the points are val1 ? end 
GT: start if played is val0 and the tries against are val1 , what are the points ? end 
PD: start what is the club when the 2007–08 club is val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the losing bonus of val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent after week val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the opponent with a week that 's larger than val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent at the game played at val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the game site with an opponent of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest rank of the team with more than val0 silver , val1 bronze , and more than valval2 gold ? end 
GT: start which silver is the lowest one that has a gold larger than val0 , and a rank of val1 , and a bronze smaller than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest rank of the team with val0 gold and less than val1 bronze ? end 
GT: start which bronze is the lowest one that has a rank of val0 , and a silver smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the gold when silver is val0 and bronze is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start which silver has a nation of val0 , and a bronze smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what nation has a rank less than val0 , a total of val1 medals and less than val2 bronze ? end 
GT: start which nation has a gold of val0 , and a bronze smaller than val1 , and a rank of val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game on val1 when the home team was val0 ? end 
GT: start what score has val0 as the home , and val1 as the date ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game when the val0 were visitors ? end 
GT: start what score has val0 as the visitor ? end 
PD: start what was the record when the visitor was val0 and the record was val1 ? end 
GT: start what record has val0 as the home and val1 as the visitor ? end 
PD: start what was the visitor on val0 ? end 
GT: start what visitor has val0 as the date ? end 
PD: start what is the most recent year that has a druze less than val0 , and a 2007 - 12 of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest number of fcwc in the years of val0 , and an icfc smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of games for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest ranking associated with a total of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the outcome on val0 ? end 
GT: start which is the outcome on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game against the val0 ? end 
GT: start which score has an opponent of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the outcome of the game against the val0 ? end 
GT: start which outcome has a opponent of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the opponent on val0 ? end 
GT: start which opponent is on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the tournament on val1 with outcome of val0 ? end 
GT: start which tournament has an outcome of val0 on val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the opponent on val0 ? end 
GT: start when is an opponent of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance for the game against the val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the opponent at the game attended by val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the ratt when the length is val0 ? end 
GT: start which bleeding time has a condition of val0 ? end 
Batch 91 | Validation Loss 5.032736
PD: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
GT: start which platelet count has a condition of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the bleeding time when partial thromboplastin time is val0 , and prothrombin time is val1 ? end 
GT: start which prothrombin time has a platelet count of val0 , and a bleeding time of val0 , and a partial thromboplastin time of val2 ? end 
PD: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
GT: start which platelet count has a condition of val0 ? end 
PD: start what condition has a bleeding time of val0 , a prothrombin time of val1 , and a partial thromboplastin time of decreased ? end 
GT: start which condition has a bleeding time of val0 , and a partial thromboplastin time of val1 , and a prothrombin time of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the ratt when the length is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is val0 's bleeding time ? end 
PD: start what is the nation when the rank is less than val0 and the bronze is val1 ? end 
GT: start which bronze has a year smaller than val0 , and a silver of val1 ? end 
PD: start where did val0 win silver ? end 
GT: start which location has a silver of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest amount of silver medals for the val0 with val0 gold and val1 gold ? end 
GT: start which year is the highest one that has a bronze of val0 , and a silver of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the gold medals for val0 ? end 
GT: start how many years has val0 won silver ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance at the game that had a record of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the indians record during the game that had val0 fans attending ? end 
PD: start what was the record on val0 ? end 
GT: start what date did the indians have a record of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average round for val0 ? end 
GT: start in what round was val0 picked ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest overall with a pick # larger than val0 , and a round of val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the first round with a pick # greater than val0 and val040 overall ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what is val0 's pick # ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of overall , when college is " val0 " , and when round is greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start in what round with an overall greater than val1 was the pick from the college of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest amount of wins before the val0 , val1 for the team , and under val2 points ? end 
GT: start which highest wins number had val0 as a team , val1 points , and a year prior to val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of wins for the val0 class , with points less than val1 , and a val2 class of val2 , and a team of val3 ? end 
GT: start how many points numbers had a class of valval3 , a year prior to val1 , val2 as a team , and where wins was more than val3 ? end 
PD: start what is the average number of wins for the val0 class , which has more than val1 points and more than val2 starts ? end 
GT: start what is the mean year number where there are more than val0 wins , the class is 25val0cc , and the points are val2 ? end 
PD: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the score on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the visitor team of the val0 on val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the date for the home val0 and visitor was val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the visitor on val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the visitor on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the visitor on val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the visitor on the date val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the location of the race on val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the winner of val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the winner of the race in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the release date of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the release date of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the album released on val0 ? end 
GT: start which publisher released val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the song title for the val0 song by val0 ? end 
GT: start which country had a release of val0 titled val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the album released on val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the publisher of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 with a val1 winner , and a result of val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the loser when the winner was val0 , and a location of val1 , and a result of val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the result of the val0 earlier than val1 with a loser of val1 ? end 
GT: start what team was the lower when the winner was the val0 , and a year earlier than val1 , and a result of val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the game before val0 with a val1 decision ? end 
GT: start what is the location when the val0 lost earlier than val1 and a result of val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the , when the winner is val0 , and when the date is val1 , and when the date is val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the year when the winner was the val0 , with a result of val1 , played at val2 ? end 
Batch 92 | Validation Loss 5.543128
PD: start what is the lowest year , when type is " val0 " , and when label is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the earliest year catalog # val1 had an val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player with a val0 g.a ? end 
GT: start which games had a name of val0 ? end 
PD: start what medal was won in val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start which medal had a games of val0 , and a sport of val1 ? end 
PD: start what medal was won by val0 , and finished val1 ? end 
GT: start which medal had a name of val0 , and a games of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the event with a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start which sport had an event of val0 ? end 
PD: start what medal was won by val0 ? end 
GT: start what medal had a name of val0 ? end 
PD: start what medal was won by val0 , and finished val1 ? end 
GT: start which name had a games of val0 , and a medal of val1 ? end 
PD: start what school is located in val0 ? end 
GT: start what is val0 's mascot ? end 
PD: start what is the netflix episode when segment d is val0 ? end 
GT: start segment a of val0 is what netflix episode ? end 
PD: start what is the netflix episode when segment b is val0 ? end 
GT: start segment b of val0 is what netflix episode ? end 
PD: start what is the segment b for the episode val0 ? end 
GT: start segment b of val0 has what segment a ? end 
PD: start what is segment c when segment c is less than val0 ? end 
GT: start episode smaller than val0 had what segment c ? end 
PD: start who is the spanish word for the val0 end 
GT: start what 's the material collected for the val0 isbn ? end 
PD: start what is the french title for the val0 chapter ? end 
GT: start how many volume numbers have the title of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest number of artists for the val0 release date ? end 
GT: start what 's the lowest volume number that was published val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the match that had a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start what type of game has a results¹ of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the result of the match on val2 with a val0 of val1 , and a partner of val2 ? end 
GT: start with the type is game of val0 and the city val1 and val2 as the date what were the results¹ ? end 
PD: start what is the city when the is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the city with val0 as a date ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the match with a val0 result ? end 
GT: start what type of game was played on date of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the result of the match on val1 with val0 as the partner ? end 
GT: start what is the results¹ that was a val0 game and played on val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the length of the val0 version ? end 
GT: start what is the version shown for the length of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the standard for the val0 version , and the minor version val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the version shown for the length of val0 , and shows remixed by val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the record on val0 ? end 
GT: start record of val0 occurred on what date ? end 
PD: start what was the loss of the game when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start loss of val0 had what record ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game against the val0 with a loss of val1 ? end 
GT: start opponent of val0 , and a loss of val1 had what score ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance at the game that had a record of val0 ? end 
GT: start attendance of val0 had what record ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start record of val0 involved what score ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game that had a loss of val0 ? end 
GT: start score of val0 had what loss ? end 
PD: start what is the call sign for the val0 progran with a callsign of val1 ? end 
GT: start station ownership of val0 , and a call sign of val1 is what virtual network ? end 
PD: start what is the call sign for the val0 progran with a callsign of val1 ? end 
GT: start call sign of val0 , and a virtual channel of val1 is what network ? end 
PD: start what is the channel width of overlaps channels val0 ? end 
GT: start digital channel of val0 belongs to what analog channel ? end 
PD: start what is the call sign for the val0 ? end 
GT: start call sign of val0 is what virtual channel ? end 
Batch 93 | Validation Loss 4.567741
PD: start what is the frequency of the val0 ? end 
GT: start virtual channel of val0 has what call sign ? end 
PD: start what is the channel 4 for the val0 ? end 
GT: start network of val0 is what digital channel ? end 
PD: start what is the highest gold when the rank is more than val0 and silver is more than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the latest first year with valval1 total medals and over valval1 golds ? end 
PD: start what is the average total when gold is val0 , bronze is val1 and silver is more than val2 ? end 
GT: start how many bronzes associated with over val0 total medals , val1 golds , and over val2 games ? end 
PD: start what is the least amount of gold when the rank is more than val0 and silver is more than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the fewest number of medals associated with under valval1 games and over val1 golds ? end 
PD: start what is the total rank for the player with more than val0 gold and more than val1 silver ? end 
GT: start how many games are associated with over val0 golds and a first year before 2val0val08 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest goals for val0 player with more than val1 goals ? end 
GT: start what is the largest value for goals in rank over val0 with goal ration of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total rank for the player with more than val0 games and more than val1 games ? end 
GT: start how many goal ratios have rank of val0 with more than val1 games ? end 
PD: start what is the total rank for the goals for val0 , and the total goals is more than val1 ? end 
GT: start how many games have val0 goals with a rank greater than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total avge goals for val0 , and goals less than val1 ? end 
GT: start how many goals have a goal ration less than val0 with val1 games ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what event has an outcome of val0 ? end 
PD: start what venue has val0 outcome of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the outcome of the val0 event in val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the outcome of the final played against val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the opponent in final with an val0 outcome ? end 
PD: start what is the final score of the val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start who was the opponent in val1 with an outcome of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the outcome of the final played against val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the outcome when val0 is the opponent in the final ? end 
PD: start what is the length of the val0 player with a time of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the stage with a length of val0 and time of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the winner from the val0 , val1 , the name is val1 and the name is val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the stage with val0 as the winner with a length of val1 and a stage of val2 ? end 
PD: start who is the owner of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the val0 stage ? end 
PD: start who is the owner of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the val0 stage ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of games for the val0 with a record of val1 ? end 
GT: start how many games ended in a record of val0 , with a march more than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the result of the val0 competition on val1 ? end 
GT: start val0hat competition has a result of val0 on val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the result of the val0 competition on val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the result of the val0 competition on val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the match that had a val0 result ? end 
GT: start what is the result when the score is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the rank of the airport with an area of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the code for rank val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest rank of an airport with an area ( iata / icao ) larger than val0 , and a 2006–2011 aircraft ? end 
GT: start what is the rank for val0 with more than val1 total cargo ? end 
PD: start who was the housemate that nominated val0 in week 1 nominate of val1 ? end 
GT: start name the week 6 when week 3 is val0 and week 7 is val1 end 
PD: start who is the manager 1 for the team that has a week 1 of val0 ? end 
GT: start name the week 3 for team of val0 end 
PD: start who is the home team for the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the team for week 1 of val0 end 
PD: start who was the girl on week 2 that was previous week week 2 's val0 ? end 
GT: start name the week 3 with week 6 of val0 end 
PD: start who was the girl on week 2 that was val0 ? end 
GT: start name the week 3 of val0 end 
PD: start who is the home team for the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the team for week 1 of val0 end 
PD: start who was the visitor when the home was val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the home team in the game having a visitor of val0 ? end 
Batch 94 | Validation Loss 5.702779
PD: start what was the date of the game with a val0 as the visitor ? end 
GT: start what is the date of the game that had a visitor of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the architecture version of the val0 version ? end 
GT: start what album is val0 long end 
PD: start what is the total number of gold when silver is less than val0 , bronze is val1 , and rank is less than val2 ? end 
GT: start how many total show when silver is val0 , bronze is val1 , and the rank is less than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the total rank for the gymnast with a score of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the number for rank when gold is less than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average number of gold medals for the nation with more than val0 bronze and more than val1 bronze ? end 
GT: start what is the average for silver when bronze is less than valval1 , and gold is more than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average rank for the with under val0 bronze ? end 
GT: start what is the average gold when the rank is less than val0 and the bronze is less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average rank for val0 with less than val1 bronze and less than valval2 bronze ? end 
GT: start what is the average rank when there are valval2 bronze , the total is valval2 and gold is less than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the top-25 that have val0 as the runner , with a top-25 greater than val1 , and a top-5more greater than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the 7th runner - up of the country with a val2valvalval2th runner - up greater than valvalval2 , a 9th runner - up greater than valvalval2 , and an 8th runner - up greater than val2 ? end 
PD: start 4th runner - up larger than val0 , and a 5th runner - up larger than val1 , and a 5th runner - up smaller than val2 has what sum of 6th runner - up ? end 
GT: start what is the 3rd runner - up of the country with more than valval1 9th runner - up , an 11th runner - up of valval1 , and the 1st runner - up greater than valval1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average total , when 4th runner - up is val0 , and when 4th place is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the average total of the country with a 4th runner - up of valval1 and a nuestra bellaza latina less than valval1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total rank for the runner - ups , when the runner - up is greater than valval3 , when the runner - up is greater than valval3 , when the supporting women is less than val2 , and when runner - up is greater than val3 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of 3rd runners - up of the country ranked lower than valval3 with a val1valval2th runner - up of valval2 , an 8th runner - up less than val1 , and a 7th runner - up of valval2 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of events when the top - val2val0 is more than val0 , the runner - up is more than val1 and the runner - up is more than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest 7th runner - up of the country with a top 18/2val1/24/3val1 greater than valval1 , a 1st runner - up greater than val1 , and an 11th runner - up less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the top-25 that have val0 as the top - val0val1 and more than val1 top 1val0s ? end 
GT: start what is the 9th runner - up with a top 18 / val00 / val04/30 greater than val1 and a 5th runner - up of val0 ? end 
PD: start what player is from round val0 ? end 
GT: start what player is playing on round val0 end 
PD: start what is the nhl team for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the school that hosts val0 end 
PD: start what is the callsign of val0 ? end 
GT: start which area served has a callsign of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the frequency of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the purpose for frequency of val0 ? end 
PD: start what freq currently has val0 as the city ? end 
GT: start what is the current freq for frequency of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the match where val0 was the home team ? end 
GT: start what was the score for the game with val0 as home team ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance for the game that had val0 in the val0 season ? end 
GT: start what was the attendance of the game that had an away team of val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the partner when the score was val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the final score for the match with a partnering of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest pick number for val0 player with a pick greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the earliest round that val0 had a pick larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the nationality of the player from pba team val1 with a pick greater than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the nationality of the player from val1 who had a pick larger than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what country has val0 as the stadium ? end 
PD: start what is the average capacity for val0 suites ? end 
GT: start what is the average capacity that has val0 as the country ? end 
PD: start what is the average capacity for val0 suites ? end 
GT: start what is the average capacity that has val0 as the stadium ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of points for the record of val0 before october val1 ? end 
GT: start how much january has a record of val0 , and points smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest amount of points for the val0 ? end 
GT: start which points have a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of points for the game with a val0 score and a game number larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start how many games have a score of val0 , and points larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the region of the val0 ? end 
GT: start tell me the region for catalog of val0 end 
PD: start what is the date for catalog val0 ? end 
GT: start name the catalog for val0 end 
PD: start what is the region of the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the region with catalog of val0 end 
Batch 95 | Validation Loss 5.005132
PD: start what was the score of the game when the val0 were the visitors ? end 
GT: start the game that has a save of val0 ended with what score ? end 
PD: start what was the date of the game that had a loss of val0 ? end 
GT: start on which day did the chicago cubs have a loss of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the loss of the game against the val0 with a loss of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the loss for the game against val0 , with a save of val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game that had a loss of val0 ? end 
GT: start the game with a loss of val0 ended with what score ? end 
PD: start what was the date of the game that had a loss of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the date for the game that included a loss of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 tournament ? end 
GT: start what is the date of the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the score of the val1 in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the winner for the val0 course and val1 ? end 
GT: start who is the winner of the tournament in val0 on val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the maximum   freight   with   highest     being val0 end 
GT: start what 's the largest shirt number when the cap number is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the division in the val0 division , located in val1 ? end 
GT: start which team is in the val0 with a home at val1 ? end 
PD: start what division is val0 in ? end 
GT: start which division do the val0 belong in ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which city includes the val0 arena ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which conference is in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which city includes val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the phonetic realisation when the phonemic value is val0 , and the value is val1 , and when the value for sales is val2 ? end 
GT: start which wysiwyg editor has a user - selectable themes of val0 , and an unread message tracking of val1 , and an image attachment of val2 ? end 
PD: start what unit is in val0 and has val1 as the unit ? end 
GT: start which calendar has wysiwyg editor of val0 and an unread message tracking of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the english word for the val0 val1 , and an author of val1 ? end 
GT: start which wysiwyg editor has an image attachment of val0 , and a calendar of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the spanish word for the val0 , val1 , and a val2 of val1 ? end 
GT: start which calendar has a wysiwyg editor of val0 , and an unread message tracking of val1 , and an image attachment of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is userpics free , when monthly cost is val0 , and when userpics is val1 ? end 
GT: start which image attachment has a threaded of val0 , and a calendar of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the netflow version when vendor is val0 ? end 
GT: start which calendar has a val0 of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the record of the game with a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the date of the game that had a loss of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the date of the game with a loss of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game against the val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the opponent at the game with a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game that had a loss of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score of the game with a loss of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the attendance for the game on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest rank for val0 with more than val1 games ? end 
GT: start what was the game with a rank higher than val1 and a name of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the points for when the points is val0 ? end 
GT: start if the points were val0 , what was the losing bonus ? end 
PD: start what is the club when points is val0 ? end 
GT: start what club had val0 points ? end 
PD: start what is the average for the player with val0 points ? end 
GT: start if the points were val0 , what were the tries for ? end 
PD: start what is the try bonus when the points is val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the try bonus that had val0 points ? end 
PD: start what is the losing bonus of the val0 team that scored val1 points and a val2 points ? end 
GT: start name the tries when tries against were val1 , try bonus was val0 , and had val2 points . end 
PD: start what is the tries against for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the tries against when they had val0 tries for ? end 
Batch 96 | Validation Loss 5.422544
PD: start what is the earliest year that had less than val0 weeks on chart ? end 
GT: start name the least weeks for year less than val0 end 
PD: start what is the total number of prom for the val0 , when the rank is less than val1 , and the rank is less than val2 ? end 
GT: start name the total number of weeks for val0 and peak less than val1 and year less than val2 end 
PD: start what is the format for the val0 progran label ? end 
GT: start what is the english title with a val0 format and an original title of val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game that had an attendance of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score when the attendance was val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance of the game that had an val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the decision when the attendance was val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent at the val0 ? end 
GT: start which run has an opponent of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total when the manager is val0 and the opponent is val1 ? end 
GT: start which runs has a rank of val0 and an opponent of val1 ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent at the val0 ? end 
GT: start which runs has a opponent of val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the lead for the nation of val0 ? end 
GT: start which skip has a third of val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the lead for the nation of val0 ? end 
GT: start which lead has a nation of val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the lead of the nation val0 ? end 
GT: start which third has a nation of val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the third when the lead is val0 ? end 
GT: start in which third did val0 lead ? end 
PD: start who is the lead for the nation of val0 ? end 
GT: start when did val0 come in second ? end 
PD: start who is the third when the lead is val0 ? end 
GT: start when did val0 come in third ? end 
PD: start what is the total caps for val0 , val1 , and player val2 ? end 
GT: start how many caps does the club / province val0 , position of val1 and val2 have ? end 
PD: start what club / province has val0 caps and less than val1 caps ? end 
GT: start what club / province have caps less than val0 and val1 as player ? end 
PD: start what is the player with a caps and val1 caps ? end 
GT: start val1 who plays the position of val0 has how many caps ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of caps for the player with val0 caps ? end 
GT: start what is the total of caps when player born val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the spanish title for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what artist has a book called val0 end 
PD: start what is the total population in 2011 for the area of val0 , and a population larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the amount of human development index ( 2000 ) that has a population ( 2005 ) of val0 , and an area ( km 2 ) larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average population for the val0 administrative headquarters with a population density less than val1 ? end 
GT: start which inegi code has a population density ( /km 2 ) smaller than val0 and val1 human development index ( 2000 ) ? end 
PD: start what is the total population in 2011 when the area is less than val0 and the area is val1 ? end 
GT: start which area ( km 2 ) has a population ( 2005 ) of val0 , and a human development index ( 2000 ) smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of field goals when the field goals is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest number of field goals for a player with val0 touchdowns ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the player with val0 points and val1 ? end 
GT: start how many extra points did val0 val1 have ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest position for the player with val0 points , a position of val1 , and more than val2 points ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest number of touchdowns for val0 val1 who has more than val2 points ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the match with a val0 result on val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the result for the val0 on val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the date of the game against the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the opponent on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the city when the venue is val0 ? end 
GT: start wjich city had a date of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the date of the game that had a results¹ of val0 ? end 
GT: start what day were the results val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total failures of the val0 , which has a number of val1 , and a rocket rocket ? end 
GT: start what is the number of failure for the country of valval2 , and a family of val1 , and a partial failures smaller than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the average launches with val0 failures , rocket of val1 , a type of bearers bigger than val2 , and a quantity greater than val3 ? end 
GT: start what is the partial failure for the country of valvalval3 , and a failure larger than valval3 , and a family of val2 , and a launch larger than val3 ? end 
PD: start what is the group that has val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the group b region with a group e region of val0 ? end 
Batch 97 | Validation Loss 6.007499
PD: start what is the name of the group that has val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the group a region with a region number of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the group 's percentage when the group that has val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the group c region with val0 as group b ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start what opponnent has a record of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the record on val0 ? end 
GT: start what date has the record of val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start what opponent has the record of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game against the val0 with a record of val1 ? end 
GT: start what score has the opponent of val0 and a record of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the time of the rider val0 ? end 
GT: start what time did team val0 have ? end 
PD: start what is the time of the rider val0 ? end 
GT: start what time did team val0 have ? end 
PD: start what is the total of the rider val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the rank for the team with a time of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the issue date(s ) , when the minor ( run ) is val0 ? end 
GT: start which issue date(s ) has an artist of val0 ? end 
PD: start what volume the weeks in the week # val0 with a week number larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start which issue date(s ) has weeks on top larger than val0 , and a volume : issue of val05:25 - 26 , val06:1 - 2 ? end 
PD: start what is the issue number of the volume : ii : val0 ? end 
GT: start which weeks on top have an issue date(s ) of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the german pluperfect when the german is val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the male partner for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the fineness prior to val0 in the year earlier than val1 ? end 
GT: start which male is paired with val1 in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the album namethat song val0 ? end 
GT: start which female artist has an album named val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the home team on val0 ? end 
GT: start date of val0 involves what home ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent at the game played at val0 ? end 
GT: start which venue hosted the val0 as an opponent ? end 
PD: start what was the date of the game in week val1 in val0 with an attendance greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start which date 's week was more than val0 with the venue being val1 and where the attendance was more than 1val0,297 ? end 
PD: start who was the visitor when the home was val0 ? end 
GT: start name the home with val0 visiting end 
PD: start what is the pick number for the val0 player from val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the pick # for val1 as val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest pick number for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the largest pick # for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the round of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which round goes to val0 college ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the pick # val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of pick # for val0?3 end 
PD: start what is the college of val1 , which has a val0 ? end 
GT: start which college had val1 in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 2013 bafa junior division for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the group 's equity share percentage for company val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the group equity shareholding for the val0 in val0 , and the principal activities is val1 ? end 
GT: start which company 's principal activities are val0 , and a group 's equity shareholding ( as of march 10th 2010 ) of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the birth date of the val0 , which ceased to be duke of girona of val1 , and a principal activities of val2 ? end 
GT: start which   company 's type is val0 , and has principle activities listed as val1 and an incorporation of val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the 2013 bafa junior division for the val0 ? end 
GT: start which company has a group equity shareholding percentage , as of march 10th 2010 of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the birth date of the val0 , which ceased to be duke of girona of val1 , and a principal activities of val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the type for the val2 company , an incorporation of val0 and listed activities as val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the group equity shareholding for the val0 in val0 , and the principal activities is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the company that has a group 's equity shareholding percentage , as of march 10th , 2010 , of val0 , as well as a principal activity of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start which position has a surname of val0 ? end 
PD: start how many heights did the val0 have when they scored val1 points ? end 
GT: start how many uni numberval0 have batval0 of val0 , and a poval0ition of val1 ? end 
Batch 98 | Validation Loss 4.951349
PD: start which locomotives have a fival1st position , a position larger than val0 , catches less than 1val1 , and a test impact of val2 ? end 
GT: start which fival1st has a uni # laval1geval1 than val0 , and thval1ows of val1 , and a position of val1hp , and a suval1name of val3 ? end 
PD: start what is the uni # of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which uni # has a surname of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the loan club for the val0 born in val1 ? end 
GT: start which surname has throws of val0 , and a dob of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the match with a val0 surface and a val1 of val1 ? end 
GT: start which surface had a partner of val0 on val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average number of field goals when the points were more than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the average number of field goals for players with more than val0 points ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of field goals when the points are less than val0 and the team is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the smallest number of field goals for players with val0 touchdowns and less than val1 extra points ? end 
PD: start what is the highest amount of points when the team is val0 and the is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest number of points for players with less than val1 touchdowns and val0 extra points ? end 
PD: start what is the highest amount of points when the team is val0 and the field goals is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest number of extra points for players with less than val0 touchdowns and less than val1 point ? end 
PD: start what is the average field goals for the player with val0 field goals and more than val1 points ? end 
GT: start what is the average number of points for players with valval1 touchdowns and more than val1 field goals ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest penalty for val0 when the e score is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what e score has the t score of val0 and a number smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total of the run 3 of the athlete with a run 2 greater than val0 and a run 2 of val1 ? end 
GT: start what 's the sum of a score that also has a score lower than val0 and an e score larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start how many height in meters did in val0 , and the val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the relative height of val0 with val1 as parent ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest rank for val0 with under val1 golds ? end 
GT: start what is the highest rank of valval1 , which had less than val1 silvers ? end 
PD: start what is the total rank for the val0 with less than val1 silver ? end 
GT: start what is the rank of the team with valval1 gold and less than valval1 silvers ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of gold medals for the nation with val0 bronze , val1 golds , and less than valval2 bronze ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of bronze medals of valval2 , which is ranked val0 and has less than val2 total medals ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the game with a record of val0 and a score of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the number of points of the game less than number val1 with an val0 record ? end 
PD: start what was the record on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the record of the game on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the game number for the val0 vs. game game with a road team of val1 ? end 
GT: start who is the visitor team of game val1 with val0 as the home team ? end 
PD: start what is the studio of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which studio host has a year of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the year when the producer is val0 and the author is val1 ? end 
GT: start which studio analysts has a studio host of val0 in val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the studio of the val0 book ? end 
GT: start which color commentatorhas a studio host of val0 ? end 
PD: start studio host of val0 , and a flagship of val1 has what play by play ? end 
GT: start which play - by - play has a studio host of val0 , and a studio analysts of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the flagship station when the note is val0 , and when the network is val1 ? end 
GT: start which color commentator has a channel of val0 , and a year of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the network brand for val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start which courtside reporter has a channel of val0 in val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
PD: start which team has val0 mens doubles and val1 men 's singles player val2 end 
GT: start player of val0 , and a team of val1 , and a doubles of val2 which years record stood ? end 
PD: start what is the location when the val0 is the visitor team on val1 ? end 
GT: start what date was the game at val0 and had a val1 inning ? end 
PD: start what was the highest attendance for games that had val0 as the opposing team ? end 
GT: start when val0 was pitching , what was the highest home run ? end 
PD: start what is the average attendance on val0 on val1 ? end 
GT: start on val1 in val0 , what was the average home run ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the val0 ? end 
GT: start for the game with val0 attendance , what was the result ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the score of the game that holds a record of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance at the game that had a record of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the record of the game with val0 people in attendance ? end 
Batch 99 | Validation Loss 5.975379
PD: start what was the score of the game that had a points ? end 
GT: start what team has a score of val0 end 
PD: start what was the record during game val0 ? end 
GT: start what team has a score of val0 end 
PD: start what is the athlete with a time of val0 ? end 
GT: start which nation finished with a time of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the athlete with a run larger than val0 ? end 
GT: start which sport has a time over val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the athlete with a time of val0 ? end 
GT: start which nation had a time of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the rank for the val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start which year had a team of val0 and a rank of val1 ? end 
PD: start what class has more than val0 points , val1 as the class , and val2 points ? end 
GT: start which class had a machine of val0 , points over val1 , and a rank of val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the class when the rank is more than val0 , the year is val1 , and the year is after val2 ? end 
GT: start which team had a year over val0 , machine of val1 , and ranked val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the season premier with val0 as the australian national kennel club breed ? end 
GT: start which oberliga bayern has a season of val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the gagarin cup in the val0 ? end 
GT: start which oberliga südwest has an oberliga bayern of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the season premier league for the val0 season , and a semi - final team of val1 ? end 
GT: start which season ha val0 and val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the season , when season is " val0 " ? end 
GT: start which oberliga baden - württemberg has a season of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the season when batting is val0 , and when season is val1 ? end 
GT: start which oberliga baden - württemberg has an oberliga hessen of val0 in val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the season premier with a val0 batting style and val1 as the captain ? end 
GT: start which oberliga südwes has an oberliga baden - württemberg of val0 in val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the loss of the game that had a loss of val0 ? end 
GT: start name the loss with save of val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent when the val0 were the opponents ? end 
GT: start name the opponent for save of val0 end 
PD: start who was the opponent on val1 with val0 ? end 
GT: start name the save for val0 for val1 end 
PD: start what was the date of the game that had a loss of val0 ? end 
GT: start name the loss for val0 end 
PD: start what was the score of the match against val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score in the tournament against val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the   of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the market for the val0 saturday game ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the stadium in val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the val0 locale end 
PD: start how many ranks are there for the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many ranks have an industry of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the points for the val0 before game val1 ? end 
GT: start which points have an opponent of val0 , and a game smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of points for the val0 record and a record of val1 ? end 
GT: start how many points have a record of val0 , and a march larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start which opponent has a record of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest number of points for the val0 before game val1 ? end 
GT: start which game is the highest one that has points smaller than val0 , and a score of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the link abilities of the val0 software ? end 
GT: start what is the accession number of the protein with the common name val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the protein name when the protein is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the protein name of the protein with a sequence identity to human protein of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of enrollments ( cm ) ( tonnes ) of the val0 , with a forbes less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the sequence length ( aa ) of the protein with the common name val0 and a divergence from human lineage less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the unformatted capacity per side of the unit that has a disease point of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the accession number of the protein with a divergence from human lineage of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game where the val0 were the away team ? end 
GT: start which series has a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game against the val0 with a score of val1 ? end 
GT: start which series has an opponent of val0 , and a score of val1 ? end 
Batch 100 | Validation Loss 5.526000
PD: start what is the score of the game before val0 with the val1 as the opponent ? end 
GT: start which date has a game smaller than val0 , and an opponent of val1 , and a score of val0–5 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the game before game val0 on val1 ? end 
GT: start which date has a score of val0 , and a game smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of the val0 , when the is less than val1 , and when the is less than val2 ? end 
GT: start how many founded years had a final af2 season prior to val0 where the arena was the val1 and the first af2 season was prior to val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the average year for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the mean founded number when the team is the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest total when the gold is less than val0 and silver is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is listed as the highest gold that also has a silver that 's smaller than valval1 , and has a total that 's smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the rank for the nation with less than val0 gold ? end 
GT: start what 's the total rank that has a gold that 's smaller than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the largest amount of silver when the rank is val0 and the rank is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is listed as the highest participants that also have a rank of valval1 , and silver that 's smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest rank for the nation with val0 gold and more than val1 silver ? end 
GT: start what is listed as the highest rank that has a gold that 's larger than val0 , and participants that 's smaller than 1val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the gold when silver is less than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of participants that has silver that 's smaller than val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the lead for the nation of val0 ? end 
GT: start which skip has val0 as second ? end 
PD: start who is the third when val0 is the third ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the second who has val0 as third ? end 
PD: start who is the lead for the nation of val0 ? end 
GT: start which lead has val0 as second ? end 
PD: start who is the lead for the nation of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the third who has val0 as skip ? end 
PD: start who is the third when val0 is the third ? end 
GT: start who is the second with val0 as third ? end 
PD: start who is the lead for the nation of val0 ? end 
GT: start which lead has val0 as skip ? end 
PD: start what is the manufacturer for the val0 with val0 laps ? end 
GT: start who manufactured the motorcycle that did val0 laps and val1 grids ? end 
PD: start what is the highest grid with more than val0 laps ? end 
GT: start how many grids correspond to more than val0 laps ? end 
PD: start what is the time / retired for grid val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the time with val0 grids ? end 
PD: start what is the grid when the laps is more than val0 and the time / retired is val1 ? end 
GT: start how many grids have more than val1 laps with a time / retired of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the winner of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the score from the winner val0 ? end 
PD: start who won the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the date where the winner was val0 ? end 
PD: start what week was the game played val0 ? end 
GT: start which week had a date of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start which player has a last name of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the manager who played val0 ? end 
GT: start which batter has a uni # of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start which batter has the last name val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the home team of the val0 game ? end 
GT: start which home has a date of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the record when the home was val0 ? end 
GT: start which home has a record of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game on val1 with a val0 record ? end 
GT: start which date has a score of val0 , and a record of val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game when the home was val0 and the record was val1 ? end 
GT: start which record has a score of val0 , and a home of val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game when the home was val0 and the record was val1 ? end 
GT: start which record has a home of val0 , and a score of val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the record when the home was val0 ? end 
GT: start which home has a record of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the segment a for series episode val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the series episode number with a segment of d , and having val0 ? end 
Batch 101 | Validation Loss 5.881721
PD: start who is the netflix episode # is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the netflix number having a series episode of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the netflix episode when segment d is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the netflix number having a segment d , of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the netflix episode when segment d is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the segment a name , having a netflix of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the netflix episode when segment b is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the netflix number having a segment of c of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the segment b for segment d that is val0 ? end 
GT: start for a segment d of val0 , what is the segment b ? end 
PD: start what medal was won in val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start which sport resulted in a val0 medal in the val1 games ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player with a val0 of val0 and a val1 of val1 ? end 
GT: start which val0 event was at the val1 games ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player with a val0 of val0 and a val1 of val1 ? end 
GT: start what val1 event was participated in during the val0 games ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game after january val0 ? end 
GT: start after december val0 what is the score ? end 
PD: start what is the score vs. zerg with a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start wjat game 3 has val0 as a game of 2 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what game 1 has val0 as a position ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what position has val0 as game 1 ? end 
PD: start what is the score vs. zerg for the dance val0 ? end 
GT: start what exhibition has val0 as game 1 ? end 
PD: start what is the score vs. zerg for val0 ? end 
GT: start what game 1 has val0 as game 2 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the pick before val0 with a pick less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what pick was val0 before val1 ? end 
PD: start who was lieutenant governor to the governor that left office on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the entered office that has val0 as the left office ? end 
PD: start what is the office for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the born - died that has office of val0 as the entered ? end 
PD: start what is the source with a norris that is val0 and val1 ? end 
GT: start which blagojevich ( d ) has a source of val0 , and a topinka ( r ) of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the source with a norris that is val0 and val1 ? end 
GT: start which blagojevich ( d ) has a source of val0 , and a date of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the poll that showed a lead margin of val0 ? end 
GT: start which blagojevich ( d ) happened on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the percentage of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which topinka happened on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the percentage of the poll that showed a poll on val0 ? end 
GT: start which date has a remainder of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the source with a norris that is val0 and val1 ? end 
GT: start which source has a remainder of val0 , and a topinka of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of episodes in the season finale when the strongest storm is val0 ? end 
GT: start how many contestants were there on val0 during the season premiere ? end 
PD: start who is the winner for season val0 , and finale larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start what season had more than val0 contestants in which val1 won ? end 
PD: start how many times did val0 win ? end 
GT: start how many contestants were there in a season where val0 won ? end 
PD: start what is the winner for season val0 , and finale of val1 ? end 
GT: start what season 's premiere had val0 winning on val1 ? end 
PD: start who was the winner in the season of val0 , and the season was val1 ? end 
GT: start what season had val0 as the runner up with val1 winning ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 on val1 with a time of val1 ? end 
GT: start record description of val0 , and a date of val1 is what pilot ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 on val1 with a time of val1 ? end 
GT: start date of val0 , and a pilot of val1 had what record description ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 in the val1 type , and a type of val2 ? end 
GT: start type of val0 , and a record description of val1 , and a pilot of val2 is what date ? end 
PD: start what is the type of the val0 with a time of val1 ? end 
GT: start record description of val0 , and a pilot of val1 had what type ? end 
Batch 102 | Validation Loss 4.921891
PD: start what is the date of the val0 in the val1 type , and a type of val2 ? end 
GT: start pilot of val0 , and a record description of val1 , and a type of val2 involved what date ? end 
PD: start what is the type of the val0 in val2 with a time of val2 , and an opening number of val3 ? end 
GT: start achievement of val0 , and a type of val1 , and a pilot of val2 , and a date of val3 had what record description ? end 
PD: start what is the malayam of the guardian whose consort is val0 ? end 
GT: start when was the date of death for the person married to val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the diety software executable val0 ? end 
GT: start on what date did val0 take a consort ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of field goals for the player with val0 points and more than val1 field goals ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of field goals a player had when there were more than val0 extra points and there were val1 touchdowns ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the field goals for the player with more than val0 points and more than val1 goals ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of all the touchdowns when the player had more than valval1 extra points and less than valval1 field goals ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of field goals when the points are less than val0 , the points is less than val1 and the team is val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of field goals for a player that had less than val0 touchdowns , had val1 points , and had less than val1 extra points ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest draw for the val0 season ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest number of draws of the ntfa div 2 val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest draws when the draws are less than val0 and the byes are less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest number of draws of the team with valval1 wins and less than val1 byes ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest number of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest number of against of ntfa div 2 val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest area in val0 with a population of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest rank for val0 with area more than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest rank of the val0 code ? end 
GT: start what is the largest rank with val0 area ? end 
PD: start what is the highest population in val0 with a population of val1 and a population of val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the largest area in val0 with a population of val1 and rank over val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the total amount of earning $ 70 $ ) of val0 ? end 
GT: start how many events have earnings less than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of events , when events is val0 ? end 
GT: start how many events are in val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the date of game val0 ? end 
GT: start on what date was val0 played ? end 
PD: start what is the date of game val0 , and a game of val1 ? end 
GT: start which game had val0 as its home team and was played on val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the game when the game was played at val0 ? end 
GT: start which games had val0 as home team ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the game on val1 with a val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the result of the game played on val1 with val0 as home team ? end 
PD: start what was the result on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the result of the val0 game ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the game that had a val0 game ? end 
GT: start which game had a result of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the region of the val0 with a population of val1 ? end 
GT: start which services have a local authority of val0 , and a zone 2010 of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the region 1 ( uk ) date associated with a region region ( year ) of val0 ? end 
GT: start which station has a zone 2010 of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the mirani population for the val0 region , a mackay population of val1 , a mirani population of val1 , and a village ( german ) of val2 ? end 
GT: start which local authority has a zone 2007 of val0 , and a zone 2008 of val0 , and a zone 2010 of val0 , and a station of val3 ? end 
PD: start what is the region where the is val0 ? end 
GT: start which local authority has services of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the region of the val0 station val1 , which has a val0 , and is located in val2 ? end 
GT: start which station has a zone 200val0 of val0 , and a zone 2007 of val1 , and services of val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 progran station val1 ? end 
GT: start which zone 2008 has services of val0 , and a station of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest capacity for val0 , when the revenue ( south ) is greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the total attendance of val0 which had a capacity with more than val1 % ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the player with val0 points and val1 field goals ? end 
GT: start how many touchdowns are there when there were val0 extra points and val2 had val1 ? end 
PD: start what player has val0 field goals ? end 
GT: start how many field goals did val0 have ? end 
PD: start what is the highest amount of field goals when the points are more than val0 and the team is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest field goals when there were more than valval1 touchdown and val1 extra points ? end 
PD: start what is the fewest number of points for the player with less than val0 points ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest number of field goals when the points were less than val0 ? end 
Batch 103 | Validation Loss 4.423616
PD: start what is the recnet of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the haat of val0 end 
PD: start who won the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the date with a winner of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest erp w when the call sign is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest erp w of an val0 frequency translator ? end 
PD: start what is the class when the call sign is val0 and the call sign is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the class of the translator with val0 erp w and a call sign of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the frequency mhz of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the fcc info of the translator with an val0 city license ? end 
PD: start what is the call sign for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the call sign of the translator in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the call sign for the translator with a frequency mhz greater than val0 and a erp w of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the call sign of the translator with an erp w greater than val0 and a city license from val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the call sign for the val0 freqeuncy ? end 
GT: start name the erp w for frequency of val0 end 
PD: start what is the call sign for the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the erp w for val0 end 
PD: start which call sign has a frequency mhz smaller than val0 , and a call sign of val1 ? end 
GT: start name the fcc info for frequency mhz less than val0 and call sign of val1 end 
PD: start what is the average frequency mhz of val0 ? end 
GT: start name the average erp w and call sign of val0 end 
PD: start what was the score of the game game when the cardinals scored val0 points and the score was val1 ? end 
GT: start which score has points of val0 , and a game of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average february that has a record of val0 , and points larger than val1 , and a record of val2 ? end 
GT: start which points have a score of val0 , and a record of val1 , and a january larger than val2 ? end 
PD: start how many points have a november of val0 ? end 
GT: start how many points have a january of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of points for the game before game val0 , and a score of val1 ? end 
GT: start how many games have a score of val0 , and points smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average number of silver medals for the nation with less than val0 silver , val1 golds , and less than valval2 total ? end 
GT: start what is the average gold of the val1 athlete with val0 bronze , less than val2 silver , and less than val3 total medals ? end 
PD: start what is the highest total , when type is " val0 " , and when name is " val1 " ? end 
GT: start what is the highest total medals val0 athlete val1 has ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of bronze when the gold is val0 , and the rank is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest number of bronze a valval1 athlete with val1 gold medals has ? end 
PD: start what state is the val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the project name with a country that is val0 and a peak that is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the chinese population for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the peak with a project name that is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the country that has val0 as the commercial name ? end 
GT: start what is the project name with a country that is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the annual change in 2011 of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the operator with a peak that is val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score when they had a val0 record ? end 
PD: start what is the highest game number with a record of val0 and a record of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the game associated with a score of val0 , and a record of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest week that has val0 as the date , with an attendance greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest week that has an attendance greater than val0 , with val1 as the date ? end 
PD: start what is the attendance of the game with a result of val0 ? end 
GT: start how many attendances have val0 as the result ? end 
PD: start how many weeks had an attendance of val0 ? end 
GT: start how many attendances have val0 as the week ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest week with a result of val0 , and an attendance smaller than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest attendance that has a week less than val0 , and val1 as the result ? end 
PD: start what is the average fiscal year with revenues of val0 and 2007 bigger than val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the average value in 2005 when 2008 is val0 , and a 2006 is more than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest fiscal year with revenues of val0 , and 2007 bigger than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest value in 2007 when 2009 is val0 and 2008 is over val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest fiscal year with revenues of val0 and 2007 less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest value in 2011 with less than val0 in 2006 and less than val1 in 2008 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of 2009 , when 2007 is greater than val0 , when services is val1 , and when tournament is val2 ? end 
GT: start what was the total in 2009 for years of val1 when 2008 was more than val2 and 2007 was more than val0 ? end 
Batch 104 | Validation Loss 5.968029
PD: start what is the date of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the psd - pc for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what date has the others of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the udmr for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the szdsz percentage with a val0 of val0 and a val1 of val1 ? end 
GT: start when the other is val0 and the psc - pc is val1 what is the date ? end 
PD: start what is the enrollment ration when the general 1950 is val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the polling firm with others of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the group with a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the elena basescu when the poling firm of val0 ? end 
PD: start december smaller than val0 , and a game of val1 , and a score of val2 involved what opponent ? end 
GT: start game smaller than val0 , and a december smaller than val1 , and a score of val2 has what opponent ? end 
PD: start what is the record for the game larger than val0 with a game number of val1 ? end 
GT: start game larger than val0 , and a december smaller than val1 had what record ? end 
PD: start what is the highest game number with a record of val0 and a record of val1 ? end 
GT: start record of val0 , and a game larger than val1 involves what highest december ? end 
PD: start what is the average game number with a record of val0 and a larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start which points have a record of val0 , and a game larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest february when the score is val0 and points less than val1 ? end 
GT: start which march is the lowest one that has a score of val0 , and points smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start which december has a game larger than val0 , and a score of val1 , and a game larger than val2 , and a score of val3 ? end 
GT: start which score has a march larger than val0 , and points larger than val1 , and a game smaller than val2 , and an opponent of val3 ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start which opponent has a record of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average year for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what year was the building completed that has val0 floors ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the building with a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the name of the building with val0 floors ? end 
PD: start what is the height in ft for the val0 , and a height shorter than val1 ? end 
GT: start how tall is the val1 , completed before val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the bowler who played val0 ? end 
GT: start result of val0 is what game ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the bowler who played val0 ? end 
GT: start result of val0 involves what game ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the bowler who played val0 ? end 
GT: start game of val0 had what result ? end 
PD: start what is the result of the game with val0 as the road team and val1 as the home team ? end 
GT: start road team of val0 , and a result of val1 involved what game ? end 
PD: start what is the home team that has val0 as the away , and val1 as the away ? end 
GT: start home team of val0 , and a result of val1 involved what game ? end 
PD: start what was the home team for the val0 ? end 
GT: start result of val0 involves what home team ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest draws when the team is val0 , the goals against is less than val1 , and the team is val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the fewest wins that has fewer than val0 goals scored , team of val1 , and fewer than val2 draws ? end 
PD: start what is the losses for the club with more than val0 draws and more than val1 draws ? end 
GT: start what is the number of draws for the team with more than val0 losses and val1 points ? end 
PD: start how many points have a november of val0 ? end 
GT: start how much march has points of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest number of points for the game with a val0 score and more than val1 points ? end 
GT: start which game is the lowest one that has a score of val0 , and points larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of points for the game before game val0 before october val1 ? end 
GT: start how many games have a march of val0 , and points smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what valley vista has a willow canyon of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the almali village with the süskən village val0 ? end 
PD: start what valley vista has a willow canyon of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the almali village with the malax village val0 ? end 
PD: start what valley vista has a willow canyon of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the süskən village with a malax village val0 ? end 
PD: start what valley vista has a willow canyon of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the qaxmuğal village with a malax village val0 ? end 
PD: start what valley vista has a willow canyon of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the qaxmuğal village with a fistiqli village val0 ? end 
Batch 105 | Validation Loss 5.653751
PD: start what is the most recent year for val0 ? end 
GT: start what are the highest championships where the club is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the compression ratio whre for the val0 engine and a torque of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the maximum torque that has val0 displacement , and an val1 engine ? end 
PD: start what is the external weapon for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what valvetrain has a fuel system made up of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the areas of the with an area larger than val0 , a density ( mep ) of val1 , and an area ( km ) larger than val2 ? end 
GT: start which population has an altitude ( mslm ) larger than val0 , and a density ( inhabitants / km 2 ) larger than val1 , and a rank of val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest density of val0 , which has an area ( km² ) larger than val1 , and an area ( km 2 ) larger than val2 ? end 
GT: start which population is the highest one that has a density ( inhabitants / km 2 ) larger than val0 , and a rank of val1 , and an altitude ( mslm ) smaller than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest density ( per km2 ) , when population density is greater than val0 , when inhabitants is val1 , and when inhabitants is greater than val2 ? end 
GT: start which altitude ( mslm ) is the highest one that has an area ( km 2 ) smaller than val0 , and a population of val1 , and a density ( inhabitants / km 2 ) larger than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest population of the city with a population of val0 and a population greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start which altitude ( mslm ) is the highest one that has a city of val0 , and a population larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what engine has more than val0 points and more than val1 points ? end 
GT: start what is the motor that has a focuses bigger than val0 , and a participant of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the year when the year is more than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the focus that has a year bigger than val0 ? end 
PD: start how many years was the val0 ? end 
GT: start when did val0 drive ? end 
PD: start who is the lead for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the second that has val0 as the lead ? end 
PD: start who is the lead for the nation of val0 ? end 
GT: start what skip has val0 as the third ? end 
PD: start what is the country of the nation with val0 ? end 
GT: start what skip has val0 as the country ? end 
PD: start who is the lead for the nation of val0 ? end 
GT: start what skip has val0 as the lead ? end 
PD: start what is the country of the nation with val0 ? end 
GT: start what skip has val0 as the country ? end 
PD: start what is the country of the nation with val0 ? end 
GT: start what skip has val0 as the country ? end 
PD: start who was the visitor when the val0 were the visitors ? end 
GT: start which visitor has a val0 home ? end 
PD: start what is the opponent for the game against the val0 , and series val1 ? end 
GT: start opponent of val0 , and a game of val1 is what series ? end 
PD: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
GT: start score of val0 on what date ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the game against the val0 before val1 with a game number less than 60,0val01 ? end 
GT: start opponent of val0 , and a game smaller than val1 , and a series of val2 had what score ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the game against the val0 after season val1 after season val2 ? end 
GT: start opponent of val0 , and a game larger than val1 , and a series of val2 had what score ? end 
PD: start what is the most number of the season with a game of val0 ? end 
GT: start series of val0 had what highest game ? end 
PD: start what was the record on val0 ? end 
GT: start which december has a record of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the game earlier than val0 on val1 ? end 
GT: start which score has a december smaller than val0 , and a game of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest game number with a record of val0 ? end 
GT: start which game is the highest one that has a record of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start which score has a record of val0 ? end 
PD: start which december has a december larger than val0 , a record of val1 , and a larger than val2 , and a score of val3 ? end 
GT: start which score has a game larger than val0 , and points smaller than val1 , and a december larger than val2 , and a record of val3 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game with val0 points and val1 points ? end 
GT: start which score has points of val0 , and a game of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the points for the record is val0 and the is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start which game has a record of val0 , and points smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of game , when score is " val0 " ? end 
GT: start which game has a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the podcast that has a date of val0 ? end 
GT: start which celebrity was famous for being a val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the finish when the manager is val0 and the name is val1 ? end 
GT: start what position did the celebrity finish that entered on val1 and exited on val0 ? end 
Batch 106 | Validation Loss 4.507427
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was val0 famous for ? end 
PD: start what is the finish when the manager is val0 and the name is val1 ? end 
GT: start what position did the celebrity finish that entered on val0 and exited on val05 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what celebrity is famous for being an val0 ? end 
PD: start what player is from val0 ? end 
GT: start where did val0 go to school ? end 
PD: start what is the result for the role of val0 , and a result of val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the result associated with the val0 , and val1 film ? end 
PD: start what was the result for the val0 awards ? end 
GT: start what was the award for the val0 category ? end 
PD: start what is the length of the bullet that has a shoulder of val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the composer of the song with a length of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the length of the track that lasts val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the lengtho f track val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the round when the is val0 ? end 
GT: start how many new entries this round have clubs val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average prize money for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the average for matches with a prize money amount of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the val0 player with a round greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start how many new entries this round are there with more than val0 matches and a val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the club when the matches is val0 ? end 
GT: start what are the clubs with val0 matches ? end 
PD: start what is the mascot for the school in val0 , and the mascot of val1 ? end 
GT: start what high school with a nickname of val1 has a division of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the institution val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the affiliation of a location called val0 ? end 
PD: start what school is from val0 and has less than val1 students ? end 
GT: start what is the affiliation of a high school in val1 that was founded in less than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the val0 competition with a result of val1 ? end 
GT: start which venue has a competition of val0 , and a score of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the val0 opponents in the val1 ? end 
GT: start which competition has a score of val0 , and opponents of val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the date of the game against the val0 ? end 
GT: start who competed on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the val0 on val1 ? end 
GT: start which score has opponents of val0 , and a date of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the match with val0 outcome , val1 , and a competition of val2 ? end 
GT: start which date has a competition of val0 , and opponents of val1 , and a venue of val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the val0 opponents in the val1 ? end 
GT: start which competition has opponents of val0 , and a score of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the attendance of the val0 vs. game ? end 
GT: start how many people attended the game at the val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance at the game that had a loss of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the attendance at game with a loss of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game that had a loss of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score of the game that had a loss of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance at the game that had a loss of val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the attendance of the game where there was a loss of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest version with a val0 version , and a psip short name is greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start what 's the latest keynote version of version val0 of numbers with pages greater than val1 ? end 
PD: start which release date has a video of val0 and a psip short support of val1 ? end 
GT: start what version of iwork was released on val0 with a pages version greater than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest rank for the val0 after val1 ? end 
GT: start which rank is the lowest one that has points larger than val0 , and a year larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start which score has an october larger than val0 , and a opponent of val1 , and a december larger than val2 ? end 
GT: start which opponent has a game larger than val0 , february smaller than val1 , and fewer points than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of points for the val0 with a record of val1 ? end 
GT: start how many games have a record of val0 and more points than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average record for val0 ? end 
GT: start how many february games had a record of val0 ? end 
PD: start how many picks did val0 college ? end 
GT: start what numbered pick was the player from val0 ? end 
Batch 107 | Validation Loss 6.145370
PD: start what is the division in val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the conference record for the year of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the district for val0 ? end 
GT: start when first elected was val0 , who was the delegate ? end 
PD: start what is the party of the representative in the val0 district with an election greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start which was the district that had first elected greater than val1 and is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the game after february val0 with a game number larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start name the score for game more than val0 and before october val1 end 
PD: start what is the lowest numbered game that has val0 as the game ? end 
GT: start name the least game for october val0 end 
PD: start what is the lowest numbered game with a record of val0 ? end 
GT: start name the least game for record of val0 end 
PD: start what is the highest game number for march val0 ? end 
GT: start name the most october for game less than val0 end 
PD: start what is the lowest numbered game with a record of val0 ? end 
GT: start name the least game for record of val0 end 
PD: start what is the highest rank for val0 with more than val1 bronze and more than val0 bronze ? end 
GT: start which bronze is the highest one that has a rank larger than val0 , and a nation of val1 , and a total larger than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest rank for the val0 ? end 
GT: start which total is the lowest one that has a rank smaller than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of silver when the rank is less than val0 and the gold is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start which total is the lowest one that has a rank smaller than val0 , and a silver smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of gold when silver is less than val0 , silver is less than valval2 , and nation is valval2 ? end 
GT: start which silver has a gold of val0 , and a nation of val1 , and a total smaller than 1val0 ? end 
PD: start who won the men 's singles before val0 when val1 won the women 's doubles ? end 
GT: start which men 's doubles have a year smaller than val0 , and men 's singles of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the earliest year that had val0 ? end 
GT: start album of val0 had what lowest year ? end 
PD: start what is the season for val0 ? end 
GT: start what team has val0 as the season ? end 
PD: start what is the league cup with a val0 league , a league cup of val1 , and a league cup smaller than val2 ? end 
GT: start what season has a number less than val0 , val1 as the league and val2 as the team ? end 
PD: start which league has a record of val0 , and a league smaller than val1 ? end 
GT: start what league has a number less than val0 , and val1 as the record ? end 
PD: start what is the league when the record is val0 ? end 
GT: start what league has val0 as the record ? end 
PD: start which league cup has a league cup smaller than val0 ? end 
GT: start what league has a number less than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average total , when the administrative panel is greater than val0 , when language is val1 , when language is greater than val2 , and when language is val2 , and when the language is val3 ? end 
GT: start what is the average nominated of the composition nominated by taioseach with an industrial and commercial panel less than valval1 , an administrative panel greater than val1 , a cultural and educational panel greater than val2 , and a total less than val2valval1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average total , when municipality is val0 , and when panel is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the average administrative panel of the composition nominated by taoiseach val0 times with a total less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest administrative panel with an industrial and commercial panel greater than val0 , and an industrial and commercial panel greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest number of nominations by taoiseach of the composition with an administrative panel greater than val0 and an industrial and commercial panel less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average total , when the is greater than val0 , when publication is greater than val1 , and when industry is greater than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the average agricultural panel of the composition with a labour panel less than valval1 , more than val1 nominations by taoiseach , and a total less than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the total administrative for agricultural panel that has more than val0 assistant ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of agriculatural panels of the composition with more than val0 national universities of ireland ? end 
PD: start what is the highest attendance on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the attendance on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the season finale for season val0 ? end 
GT: start away result of val0 has what season ? end 
PD: start what is the round of the val0 season in which val1 was the away team ? end 
GT: start round of val0 , and a home result of val1 has what season ? end 
PD: start what is the season when the club is val0 and the try bonus is val1 ? end 
GT: start home result of val0 , and a away result of val1 involves what club ? end 
PD: start in what season was the val1 series that finished val0 rounds ? end 
GT: start round of val0 , and an away result of val1 is what season ? end 
PD: start what is the regular season for season val0 , and the regular season is val1 ? end 
GT: start away result of val0 , and a season of val1 is what competition ? end 
PD: start what season has val0 as the club , val1 as the away , and val2 as the club ? end 
GT: start away result of val0 , and a round of val1 , and a season of val2 involves what club ? end 
PD: start what was the category for the award of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the nominee of val0 end 
Batch 108 | Validation Loss 5.336149
PD: start what was the year of val0 ? end 
GT: start what year was val0 nominated end 
PD: start what is the highest pick number for val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the highest pick for a player from a school or club team of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of bronze medals for the nation with val0 gold and more than val1 bronze ? end 
GT: start how many golds did rank val0 get , with a bronze larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what nation has a rank smaller than val0 , and a gold smaller than val1 , and a nation of val2 ? end 
GT: start what rank is val2 , who had val0 silver 's and less than val1 golds ? end 
PD: start what is the highest number of bronze medals for nations with under val0 gold ? end 
GT: start what 's the biggest bronze that has less than val0 silvers ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of gold when the total is less than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total gold 's less than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the country for the val0 , who has a rank greater than val1 , a a top-5more greater than val2 , and a location of val3 ? end 
GT: start what city is the school , val3 , in that ranks less than val0 and had its first title before 19val00 and its last title later than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the city of the institution with a val0 result in a val1 after val2 , and a result of val2 ? end 
GT: start what city is the school that had less than val0 titles in val2 with the last title being after val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest rank for val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest rank for the val0 team in val1 ? end 
PD: start how many years did val0 have scoring val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the total rank number for val0 ' val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the military 1950 when the val0 is less than val1 and the 1989 is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what capital has an s.number under val0 , and a name of janapada of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the region of the val0 region , which has a population greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start what king has an s. number over val0 and a number of villages of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average number of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the average number of villages with a name of janapada of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the largest number of pakistanis admitted to canada when the val0 score was val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest s number with a capital of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest round for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest round number for the player who came from team val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of pick , when round is less than val0 , and when player is " val1 " ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of rounds that had draft pick val1 , val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the method of resolution when mikhail ilyukhin 's record was val0 ? end 
GT: start what opponent uses the method of val0 and a val1 record ? end 
PD: start what is the highest round of the val0 with a time of val1 ? end 
GT: start what round has the highest res val0 , and a time of val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the date of the game that had a visiting team of val0 ? end 
GT: start who visited on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the game on val1 with val0 as the visitor ? end 
GT: start when did val0 visit and have a score of val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the player from val0 with a round greater than val1 and a val2 position ? end 
GT: start what is the school / junior / club group ( association ) that has a round bigger than val0 , and a place of val1 , and a player of val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the nationality of the val0 player from val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the school / junior / club group ( class ) that has a nationality of val0 , and a place of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the nationality of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the nationality for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest pick number for the val0 with a pick number of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest pick that is val0 with overall of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest overall with a val0 pick and less than val1 overall ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest round with overall of val0 and pick less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from pba team with a round number less than val0 from val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the position with a round val0 pick for val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average overall , when round is less than val0 , when player is " val1 " , and when round is less than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the average round for val0 val1 and overall smaller than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of points when the team incurred while less than val0 points and less than val1 goals ? end 
GT: start which points is the lowest one that has touchdowns smaller than valval2 , and an extra points of val1 , and a field goals smaller than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the points for the player with val0 field goals and less than val1 points ? end 
GT: start how many touchdowns have a player of valval1 , and an extra points smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 application ? end 
GT: start which longi- tude is on val0 ? end 
Batch 109 | Validation Loss 5.338361
PD: start what is the date of the val0 ? end 
GT: start when has a korean name ² of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the chinese word for the russian word val0 ? end 
GT: start which vietnamese name has a chinese name ¹ of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 issue ? end 
GT: start which usual translation is on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the spanish word for the russian word val0 ? end 
GT: start which japanese name has a korean name ² of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 issue ? end 
GT: start which usual translation is on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average week for the val0 with a record of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the average week for the game at val0 , with a record of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the record for the val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the result of the game at val0 with a record of val1 ? end 
PD: start what week was the record val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the earliest week that shows a record of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the record after the game that had a record of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the record of the game that has a result of val0 ? end 
PD: start what week had a record of val0 ? end 
GT: start what week that shows a game record of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average number of top-1val1s for the val0 with less than val1 wins ? end 
GT: start which driver has less than val0 wins and at val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the driver for the val0 ? end 
GT: start which driver has val0 entries ? end 
PD: start what is the driver for the val0 season before val1 ? end 
GT: start which season did val1 enter with entries less than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of erp w when the call sign is val0 ? end 
GT: start how many erp w is it that has a call sign of val0 ? end 
PD: start what city has erp w larger than val0 , and a call sign of val1 ? end 
GT: start which city of license has a frequency mhz smaller than val0 , and a erp w larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the mhz with a call sign of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the number of frequency mhz in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest erp w when the call sign is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest erp w of   val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest number of games for the team with less than val0 draws and less than val1 losses ? end 
GT: start what was the highest points where there were less than val0 drawn and the games were less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the call of the call sign val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the license plate code for the country with an area of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the class when the call sign is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the country seat for the license plate code val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the set 3 when the set 3 is val0 ? end 
GT: start which pada 3 has a pada 1 of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the june 10 , when vacuum is " val0 " ? end 
GT: start which pada 4 has a pada 2 of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the set 3 when the set 3 is val0 ? end 
GT: start which pada 3 has a pada 2 of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player who played val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the name of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the set 3 when the is val0 ? end 
GT: start what kind of pada 4 has a pada 1 of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the set 1 with a val0 set 3 ? end 
GT: start what kind of pada 1 has a pada 2 of val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the stage winner for stage val0 ? end 
GT: start name the points classification for stage of val0 end 
PD: start who is the stage winner for stage val0 ? end 
GT: start name the points classification of stage val0 end 
PD: start what is the population estimate population of val0 county with a population of val1 ? end 
GT: start total population ( 2011 est ) larger than val0 , and a hindu total of val1 involves what country ? end 
PD: start what round was the opponent val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the round of the match with val0 as the opponent ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the location of the match with val0 as the opponent ? end 
PD: start what bombing happened in val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the location of the match with an event of val0 ? end 
Batch 110 | Validation Loss 4.898845
PD: start what was the resolution of the fight against val0 with a time of val1 ? end 
GT: start who is the opponent of the match with a val0 result and a time of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the method of round val0 with a time of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the method of the match with val0 round and a time of val0:58 ? end 
PD: start how many people attended the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many people attended the game on val0 ? end 
PD: start what week was the opponent val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest week number where they played against the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average attendance on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the average attendance for the game on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the school of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which pick has a school / club team that is val0 ? end 
PD: start what player is pick val0 ? end 
GT: start which player is it that has a pick of val0 ? end 
PD: start what position is the player from round val0 ? end 
GT: start which round has a position that is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the height of the player with a height of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the height of the building named val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the height of the player with a height of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the height of the building with val0 floors ? end 
PD: start what county has a gdp per capita of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the per capital income for val0 county ? end 
PD: start what county has a gdp per capita of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the per capital income for val0 county ? end 
PD: start what is the type of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what builder is now val0 end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what builder launched the name val0 end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the builder who launched in val0 end 
PD: start what is the total number of wins for events with less than val0 events ? end 
GT: start how many wins did he have when he played under val0 events ? end 
PD: start what is the highest number of top-1val1s for events with more than val0 win and more than val1 wins ? end 
GT: start what is his highest number of top valval15s when eh played over valval1 events and under val1 wins ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest cuts made that has val0 wins and less than val1 top - val15s ? end 
GT: start what is his low win total when he has over val0 top 25s and under val1 cuts made ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance for the game against the val0 ? end 
GT: start what opponent had an attendance of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game against the val0 with a record of val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the score of the game against the val0 with a record of val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the match against the val0 with the val1 as the opponent ? end 
GT: start who was the opponent for the match were the outcome was val0 and the score was val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the outcome of the match against val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the outcome of the match against val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the match against val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score of the match against val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of top-1val1s for events with more than val0 points and more than val004 wins ? end 
GT: start how many points have a rank of valval1 , and wins larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what class has less than val0 years and were val1 ? end 
GT: start which wins have a class of val0 , and a year smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest amount of cuts made that have val0 as the class , with a than val1 points ? end 
GT: start which wins is the highest one that has a class of val0 , and points smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest rank for the val0 after val1 ? end 
GT: start which points is the lowest one that has a year larger than val0 , and a rank of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average erp w when the call sign is val0 ? end 
GT: start frequency mhz of val0 had what average erp w ? end 
PD: start which class has a frequency mhz smaller than val0 , and a call sign of val1 ? end 
GT: start frequency mhz smaller than val0 , and a call sign of val1 is what class ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of erp w when the call sign is val0 ? end 
GT: start call sign of val0 has what sum of erp w ? end 
PD: start what is the call sign for the val0 with a frequency mhz less than val0 , a erp w less than val1 , and a call sign of val2 ? end 
GT: start class of val0 , anval0 a frequency mhz smaller than val1 , anval0 a erp w smaller than val2 has what call sign ? end 
PD: start how many cval0ll erp w hval0s val0 with   call sign of val0 ? end 
GT: start erp w that has a class of val0 , anval0 a call sign of val1 is what total number ? end 
Batch 111 | Validation Loss 5.412327
PD: start what was the date of the game that had a loss of val0 ? end 
GT: start name the date for loss of val0 end 
PD: start what was the date of the game that had a loss of val0 ? end 
GT: start name the date with loss of val0 end 
PD: start what was the score of the game when the val0 were the visitors ? end 
GT: start name the score for save of val0 end 
PD: start who was the opponent at the game that had a loss of val0 ? end 
GT: start name the opponent with loss of val0 end 
PD: start what is the most game that has a date of val0 ? end 
GT: start which game has the highest score in october with val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average game number with a record of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the average game with a record of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sector when the revenue is val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the literacy rate published in the 2001 census for the state that saw a val0 increase ? end 
PD: start what is the sector when the revenue is val0 billion and the annual inflation index billion billion us$ billion us$ ) is more than val1 billion ? end 
GT: start what is the average estimated 2013 literacy rate for the states that had a literacy rate of val1 % in the 2001 census and a literacy rate higher than val0 % in the 2011 census ? end 
PD: start what is the % natural billion in millions when the revenue ( $ m ) is less than val0 , the operating income($m is val1 , and the operating income($m is more than val2 billion ? end 
GT: start what is the average increase in literacy for the states that had a rate higher than val0 % in 2011 , less than val1 % in 2001 , and an estimate of val2 % for 2013 ? end 
PD: start what was the loss of the game against the val0 with a loss of val1 ? end 
GT: start who earned the save in the game against the val0 when val1 took the loss ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the game played at val0 ? end 
GT: start what number of people went to the val0 end 
PD: start what is the rich savage percentage in the poll with jody wagner at val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the undecided percentage of the poll where goldberg had val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the szdsz percentage in val0 at the val1 poll ? end 
GT: start what is the date of the poll where murray had val1 from the val0 source ? end 
PD: start what is the percentage of others with a fidesz of val0 and a jobbik of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the undecided percentage of the poll from val0 with murray at val1 ? end 
PD: start what was kaine 's ( d ) percentage in the poll on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the date of the poll with silbert at val0 ? end 
PD: start what was kaine 's ( d ) percentage in the poll on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the date of the poll with silbert at val0 ? end 
PD: start what was kaine 's ( d ) percentage in the poll on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the date of the poll with goldberg at val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest number of passes when the value for int is greater than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the smallest number of tries with conversions more than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average number of games for val0 when they had less than val1 games ? end 
GT: start what is the average number of tries for val0 with less than val1 games ? end 
PD: start what is the average number of games for the val0 with less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the average number of conversions for the val0 with less than val1 tries ? end 
PD: start what is the median household income when median family income is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the median family income when the median household income is val0 ? end 
PD: start what county has a median family income of val0 ? end 
GT: start what county has a median household income of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average number of field goals for the player with a position of val0 and more than val1 played ? end 
GT: start what is the average number of field goals scored by a val0 who had more than val1 touchdowns ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the game in week val0 with an attendance greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the result of the game where val0 people attended after week val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the week number on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the week of the game played on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the state that hosts val0 in the val1 ? end 
GT: start what year was val0 deputy , and the name is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the deputy when the name was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the year for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the name for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the real of the val0 affiliated in ? end 
GT: start what is the political affiliation of deputy val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the year for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the deputy in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the year of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the deputy 's affiliation in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of military for the university of val0 , a 2007 of val1 , and a 2009 gdp larger than val2 ? end 
GT: start how many civil liberties 2013 values are associated with a 2010 political rights value of val0 , civil liberties 2012 values over val1 , and political rights 2011 under val0 ? end 
Batch 112 | Validation Loss 5.946309
PD: start what is the average fiscal year for the val0 industry with revenues greater than val0 , revenues less than val1 , and a 2007 of val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the average 2012 civil liberties value associated with a 2011 status of val0 , political rights 2012 over val1 , and political rights 2011 over val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of military deaths when the university of val0 , and the number of children is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of civil liberties 20val1val1 values having 20val10 political rights values under val0 and 20val1val1 political rights values under val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the source with a norris that is val0 and val1 ? end 
GT: start what percentage of people were opposed to the candidate based on the val1 that showed val0 of people were unsure ? end 
PD: start what is the source with a norris that is val0 and val1 ? end 
GT: start what percentage of people were opposed to the candidate based on the val0 poll that showed val1 of people were unsure ? end 
PD: start what is the source with a val0 poll source of val0 , a val1 of val1 , and a democrat : jay nixon of val1 ? end 
GT: start what percentage of people said they would consider val2 as a candidate according to the val0 that showed val1 opposed him ? end 
PD: start what venue has a val0 goal against and a result of val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the result of the game in val0 and a goal number of less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the record on val1 against val0 ? end 
GT: start which record has an opponent of val0 , and a date of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the median family income when the county is val0 ? end 
GT: start how much is per capita income when median household income is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the points for the game before game val0 when the score was val1 ? end 
GT: start which points have a score of val0 , and a game smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the game with a score of val0 and a game earlier than val1 ? end 
GT: start which january has a score of val0 , and a game smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of points for the val0 before game val1 ? end 
GT: start how many games have a score of val0 , and points smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest february when the score is val0 and points less than val1 ? end 
GT: start which points is the lowest one that has a score of val0 , and a january smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the population of the county with median family income of val0 ? end 
GT: start which borough or census area has a val0 median household income ? end 
PD: start how many ranks have a population of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the population of the area with a median family income of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 outcome ? end 
GT: start what was the outcome of the val0 in val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 outcome ? end 
GT: start what was the venue in val0 with an outcome of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the outcome in val1 of the val0 event ? end 
PD: start what is the venue in the val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start in what year did the val1 have val0 as partner ? end 
PD: start what is the venue outcome when the outcome is val0 , and when the score is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the outcome in the val1 with partner val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the südbayern of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the partner during the val0 year ? end 
PD: start what was the date of the game that had a loss of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the loss for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the rank of the municipality with the val0 language ? end 
GT: start what municipality has a rank of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the areas for the val0 with an area larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the total rank that has a municipality of val0 , an area ( km 2 ) that 's larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest rank of the val0 , when the area is less than val1 , the civil is less than val2 and the civil is less than val3 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest area ( km 2 ) for the province of val0 , that has the status of val1 , a municipality of val2 , and a rank that 's smaller than val3 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the areas for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the total of rank that has an area ( km 2 ) of val0 ? end 
PD: start what province has a rank of val0 and a population maroochy of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the listed status that has the province of val0 and rank of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the event when the event is val0 and the event is val1 ? end 
GT: start what type of event had the wrestler with a reign of val0 and held the title for val1 days ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the val0 on val1 ? end 
GT: start where did the wrestler , val0 , with the title with a reign of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the shortstop when the val0 were the val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the reign for val1 who held it for val0 days ? end 
PD: start what is the call sign for the val0 freqeuncy ? end 
GT: start which fcc info has an erp w of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the call sign for the val0 call sign ? end 
GT: start which frequency mhz has a call sign of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the call sign for the val0 freqeuncy ? end 
GT: start which erp w has a frequency mhz of val0 ? end 
Batch 113 | Validation Loss 4.449035
PD: start what is the name of the player from val0 with a population larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the player from val0 with a rank lower than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the most recent year that val0 was the player ? end 
GT: start what is the most recent year a player was from val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the rank for the val0 ? end 
GT: start where is the ranked val0 players from ? end 
PD: start what is the region , when region is val0 ? end 
GT: start which region had a catalog number of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the format for the val0 label ? end 
GT: start which region had a release format of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the format for the val0 label ? end 
GT: start which region had a release format of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance on the game that had an val0 ? end 
GT: start where did the jet 's play with an attendance of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the game against the val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the result of the game against val0 ? end 
PD: start what was week val0 's result ? end 
GT: start what 's the result for week val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the manner of the last one that had val0 ? end 
GT: start what day was the appointment when credentials presented was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the state with a val0 of val0 , and an appointed of val1 ? end 
GT: start when were the credentials presented for val0 with a status of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the title of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the title for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of appointment , when replaced by is val0 ? end 
GT: start what state has an appointment for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the state of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what day were credentials presented for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the weight of the val0 k.b.sts.b ? end 
GT: start which class has a weight of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the team 1 for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the team 1 with team 2 val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the 2nd leg score for the match where val0 was team 1 ? end 
GT: start what is the 2nd leg of team 1 val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the distance for the distance of val0 , and a year larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start when the winner was val0 in a year after val1 , what was the distance ? end 
PD: start who was the trainer with a val0 winner ? end 
GT: start what horse won with a trainer of " val0 " ? end 
PD: start who won the val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the jockey for the winning horse val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the winner of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the time for the winning horse val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the winner of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the winning time for the winning horse , val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of losses for the player with val0 goals ? end 
GT: start what was the position with the total number less than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total rank for the nation with val0 gold and more than val1 total ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of golds for ranks of val0 and totals over val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average rank for the with more than val0 bronze , val1 bronze , and more than val2 silver ? end 
GT: start what is the average silver for golds over valval2 , ranks of val1 , and bronzes over val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of gold medals when silver is less than val0 , silver is more than valval2 , and silver is more than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the number of totals that have silvers under valvalval2 , bronzes over valval2 , and golds over val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of gold medals for the nation with val0 silver , val1 bronze , and less than valval2 total ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of golds having a total of val0 , bronzes of 0 , and from val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of bronze medals for the nation with more than val0 bronze and more than val1 gold ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of bronzes having silvers over val0 and golds under val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the weeks that has val0 as the date , with an attendance greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start what week was the game on val1 with an attendance greater than val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the game that had an attendance of more than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the result of the game with an attendance greater than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total avge for val0 when they had more than val1 in losses ? end 
GT: start how many losses have a ballarat fl of val0 , and an against larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average byes for the val0 against ? end 
GT: start how many against has byes smaller than val0 ? end 
Batch 114 | Validation Loss 4.810212
PD: start what is the total number of losses for the val0 against val1 ? end 
GT: start how many against has a ballarat fl of val0 and wins larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average number of byes for the val0 earlier than val1 ? end 
GT: start how many byes have against of val0 and wins smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total rank of the airport with val0 or less passengers and less than val1 employees ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of total passengers when the annual change is val0 and the rank is less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of revenue for the annual change of val0 , and a rank smaller than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of total passengers when the annual change is val0 and the rank is less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest rank of the airport with val0 or less passengers and less than val1 employees ? end 
GT: start what is the highest total passengers when the annual change is val0 , and the rank is less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what location has an annual change of val0 end 
PD: start what was the result of the match with val0 goal against val1 ? end 
GT: start which result has a score of val0 , and a goal of val1 ? end 
PD: start what competition has a goal of val0 , a result of val1 , and a score of val2 ? end 
GT: start which score has a result of val0 , and a competition of val1 , and a goal smaller than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the val0 vs. val1 game ? end 
GT: start which score has a date of val0 , and a venue of val1 ? end 
PD: start what venue has a goal larger than val0 , and a competition of val1 ? end 
GT: start which competition has a venue of val0 , and a goal larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the area of the corporation named val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the area for val0 parish ? end 
PD: start what is the original of the last flew for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the week number with val0 as the original artist ? end 
PD: start what is the order # for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the order number that has val0   as the week number ? end 
PD: start what is the original of the last flew for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the original artist of val0 as the week number ? end 
PD: start what is the theme when the week # is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the week number that has val0 as the theme ? end 
PD: start what is the original of the character val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the original artist that has val0 as the order number ? end 
PD: start what is the original of the character val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the order number that has val0 as the original artist ? end 
PD: start what is the label in the val0 on val1 ? end 
GT: start which format has a date of val0 , and a catalog of val1 ? end 
PD: start what label has a label of val0 , and a date smaller than val1 ? end 
GT: start which label has a date smaller than val0 , and a catalog of val1 ? end 
PD: start who was the home team for the match where val0 was the grounds ? end 
GT: start what years from 1893 - 94 that is from the 1890s to the val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the home team for the match where val0 was the grounds ? end 
GT: start what is the year from 1891 - 92 from the years 1890s to the val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the home team for the match that had a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the year from 1892 - 93 that has the 1890s to the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of round , when position is " val0 " ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of round with a position that is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the rounds for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of round with a pick that is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest number of losses for the team with val0 ties and more than val1 byes ? end 
GT: start what is the most wins when the number of losses was less than valval1 and there was more than val1 ties ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player with more than val0 losses and more than val1 losses ? end 
GT: start which team had fewer than val0 losses and a position number more than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the number of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what season had val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player with a number larger than val0 and a val1 ? end 
GT: start what season had an acquisition of val0 , and was higher than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the school / club team for the val0 player val1 ? end 
GT: start what number has an acquisition via the val0 , and is part of a school / club team at val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest gold when silver is more than val0 , silver is more than valval2 , and bronze is more than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest rank of the medal total less than valval2 , more than valval3 bronzes , val2 gold and val3 silver ? end 
PD: start what location is in the val0 founded after val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the location of the team nicknamed val1 , which was founded after val0 ? end 
PD: start what city is founded in val0 and has an founded of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the location of the val1 , which was founded after val0 ? end 
Batch 115 | Validation Loss 5.444522
PD: start what is the state of the val0 in the state of val1 ? end 
GT: start which landfall was in category val0 for saffir - simpson in val0999 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest cost for val0 , and when the saffir - simpson category is val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the lowest v(mph ) for a saffir - simpson of val0 in val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest value for russian cost when the saffir - simpson category is val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the highest saffirsimpson with an nhc advisory of val0 ? end 
PD: start what athlete has a 2.24 val1f , and a rank greater than val1 , an athlete of val2 , and a col ( m ) larger than val3 ? end 
GT: start which athlete 's rank is more than val0 when the result is less than val1 , the group is val2 , and the nationality listed is great val2ritain ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ship val1 ? end 
GT: start when did val0 launch the val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which space agency launched the val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the 2nd place when val0 is the 1st venue ? end 
GT: start what lead has the third val0 ? end 
PD: start what builder has a span of val0 ? end 
GT: start which builder completed after val0 ? end 
PD: start what builder has a builder of val0 , and a year smaller than val1 ? end 
GT: start which builder completed before val0 and launched on val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 that has a pennant number of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the boat that was built by val0 and laid down of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what boat was laid down on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from val0 with a hometown of val1 ? end 
GT: start when did val0 complete the val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the overall with a date that is val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the opponent on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the date with an opponent that is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the location with a date that is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the type of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is nicd , when type is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the type of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is li - fes 2 , when type is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the election date for the val0 polling firm and val1 seats ? end 
GT: start what was the liberal party result from the election having a conservative party result of val0 and labour of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the candidate that has a val0 leader of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the control for the year with a conservative party result of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the candidate that has val0 ? end 
GT: start who was in control the year that labour party won val0 seats ? end 
PD: start what is the percentage of votes for the val0 party ? end 
GT: start what is the number of independents elected in the year labour won val0 seats ? end 
PD: start what is the set 1 with a set 2 of val0 , and a set 2 of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the set 5 for the game with a set 2 of val0 and a set 1 of val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the 1st score for set set 2 of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the result of the game with a set 1 of val0 ? end 
PD: start who valley the vacator whre with   dbeingtrict   being val0 end 
GT: start which altadeña has a aprende of val0 ? end 
PD: start what valley vista has a willow canyon of val0 ? end 
GT: start which kind of aprende has a centennial of val0 ? end 
PD: start what valley vista has a willow canyon of val0 ? end 
GT: start which centennial has a altadeña of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the manhattan of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which centennial has a del pueblo of val0 ? end 
PD: start what valley vista has a willow canyon of val0 ? end 
GT: start what kind of altadeña has del pueblo of val0 ? end 
PD: start how many people attended the game against the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many people attended the game against val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the winning score of the match with val0 as the partner ? end 
GT: start who 's the runner(s)-up with a winning score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the match with a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start which date has a runner(s)-up of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 tournament ? end 
GT: start which tournament has a date of val0 ? end 
Batch 116 | Validation Loss 5.366750
PD: start what was the margin of victory for the val0 tournament ? end 
GT: start which margin of victory has a tournament of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the tournament on val1 with val0 ? end 
GT: start which date has a runner(s)-up of val0 , and a tournament of val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the winning score of the val0 tournament with a winning score of val1 ? end 
GT: start which date has a margin of victory of val0 , and a winning score of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the population density of val0 , a population density less than val1 , and a population density less than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the population density that has a change ( % ) higher than val0 , and a population ( 2011 ) less than val2 , in the county of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total population density with a population density less than val0 , a population density less than val1 , a population density less than val2 , and a population density less than val3 ? end 
GT: start what was the population ( 2011 ) when the population ( 2006 ) was less than val0 , and the population density less than val1 , and the change ( % ) of val2 , and an area ( km² ) larger than 4.val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the average area in val0 with a population density larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the area ( km² ) when the population ( 2011 ) was val0 , and the population density was larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest population density with a population density less than val0 , a density less than val1 , a population density less than val2 , and a population density less than val3 ? end 
GT: start in the county of val0 , what was the highest population density when the area ( km² ) was larger than val1 , and the population ( 2006 ) was larger than val2 , and the population ( 2011 ) was smaller than val3 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest against , when played is greater than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest against when the played is more than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total lost for team(s when the against is more than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of against when the lost is more than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest number of draws for the team with more than val0 points , val1 losses , and more than val2 losses ? end 
GT: start what is the highest drawn when the lost is val0 and the points are more than val1 , and the against is less than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the team with val0 losses , val1 goals , and more than val2 losses ? end 
GT: start what team has an against more than val0 , lost of val1 , and the position is val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the against when draws are val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the against when the drawn is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of year , when award is val0 ? end 
GT: start how many years were there for the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the result of the val0 earlier than val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the result for years prior to val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the year for the val0 ? end 
GT: start which awards happened more recently than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the 2000 , when the singapore 2005 is less than val0 , 35 is val1 , and when 2003 is greater than val2 ? end 
GT: start how many 2007 's have a 2000 greater than val0 , val1 as 2006 , and a 1998 greater than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the listing for val099val1 when val0999 is less than val0 , val1008 is less than val2 , val1003 is less than val1val1 ? end 
GT: start how many 2007 's have a 2003 less than val0 , val1 as a 2001 , and a 1999 less than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the average 2002 value with a 2003 value greater than val0 , a 2003 value greater than val1 , and a 2003 value greater than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the average 2000 that has a 1997 greater than val0 , a 2006 greater than val1 , and a 2998 less than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of years for the val0 earlier than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the total years with average runs less than val1 and a time of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the stages where the time is val0 and the year is before val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the total amount of time for years prior to val1 when val0 is the stage ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the representative from val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the prior position held by val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the state of the representative appointed by val0 from val1 ? end 
GT: start who was appointed on val1 from val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the decision when the is val0 ? end 
GT: start the away val0 was which ground ? end 
PD: start what is the time when the val0 is val0 and the time is val1 ? end 
GT: start with the ground of val0 at val1 , what was the away ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the val0 home game ? end 
GT: start who has the home score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the game with a val0 away ? end 
GT: start when did the val0 play away ? end 
PD: start what is the partner in the val0 tournament ? end 
GT: start what tournament that val0 is the runner - up ? end 
PD: start what was the winning score of the match with val0 as the partner ? end 
GT: start what is the winning score for the runner - up val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the attendance for the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many people attended when wake forest played val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the television service offering val0 ? end 
GT: start what is country , when television service is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the package / option for the val0 content ? end 
GT: start what is package / option , when content is val0 ? end 
PD: start what language is the val0 content , val1 service and val2 service ? end 
GT: start what is language , when content is val0 , when hdtv is val1 , and when television service is val2 ? end 
Batch 117 | Validation Loss 5.966757
PD: start what is the package / option for the val0 content ? end 
GT: start what is package / option , when content is val0 ? end 
PD: start what package / option has val0 as the content , and val1 as the television service ? end 
GT: start what is television service , when content is val0 , and when package / val1 is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 in val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the novelty of the dinosaur that was named by the author , val0 , and whose notes are , " val1 " ? end 
PD: start what novelty has val0 as the name , and val1 as the name ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the dinosaur that was discovered in the location , val0 , and whose notes are , " val1 " ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the authors ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the dinosaur , whose notes are , " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the status of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the status of the dinosaur , whose notes are , " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the status in val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start what are the notes of the dinosaur , whose status is val0 , and whose location is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the authors ? end 
GT: start what is the novelty of the dinosaur , whose naming author was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of losses for the val0 earlier than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the number listed under against when there were less than val0 losses and less than val1 byes ? end 
PD: start what is the highest number of losses for the val0 against val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest number listed under against when there were val0 losses and more than val1 win ? end 
PD: start what is the average against when the draws are less than val0 and the against is less than 18val02 ? end 
GT: start what is the average number of byes when there were less than val1 losses and were against valval1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest number of losses for the val0 against val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest number listed under against when there were less than val0 wins and less than val1 losses ? end 
PD: start what gdp per capita ( us$ ) per capita ( us$ ) is more than val0 , gdp gdp is val1 and gdp nominal ( us$ billion ) is less than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the deficit / surplus % of the 2012 gdp of the country with a gdp in billions of usd in 2012 less than val0 , a gdp per capita in ppp us dollars in 2012 greater than val1 , public debt % of gdp in the 2013 q1 less than val2 , and an inflation % annual in 2012 of val3 ? end 
PD: start what is the average gdp ( billion us$ ) of the country that has a gdp per capita ( us$ ) of val0 , and a year ( us $ million us$ ) larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the average public debt % of gdp in 2013 q1 of the country with a member slate sorted by gdp of val0 and a gdp per capita in ppp us dollars in 2012 greater than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest tourism arrivals in 2011 tourism receipts , 2011 stat receipts , 2011 stat 2010 , greater than val0 , and the us $ million $ us$ ) is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the largest inflation % annual in 2012 of the country with a public debt % of gdp in 2013 q1 greater than val0 and a gdp % of eu in 2012 of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the gdp ( ppp ) billions of the country that has a gdp ( € bn ) of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the gdp % of eu in 2012 of the country with a gdp in billions of usd in 2012 of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the bbm when the strike rate is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is thval0 chord with a major that is third of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the bbm when the career time is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the chord with a minor that is seventh oval0 val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the best time for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the major thirval0 with a perfect fifth that is val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the best finish for the dance of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the perfect fifth with a minor that is seventh of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the location and attendance on val0 ? end 
GT: start where was the game , and how many attended the game on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the record for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the location and attendance with a record of val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the date of the game against val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of std saps that has a total attempted larger than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of offensive rebounds for players with more than val0 3-point attempts ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of losses for the player with val0 efficiency and less than val1 efficiency ? end 
GT: start how many fg percent values are associated with val0 assists and offensive rebounds under val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of cf when the wickets is less than val0 , the is val1 and the total is less than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of offensive rebounds for players with under val0 total rebounds , val1 defensive rebounds , and under val2 assists ? end 
PD: start in what round was the val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start which round has a competition of val0 , and a series of val1 ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent at the val0 season and val1 ? end 
GT: start which series has a home of val0 , and an opponent of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the home of the val0 competition with a val1 ? end 
GT: start which home has a competition of val0 , and a round of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the season where the opponent is val0 ? end 
GT: start which season has an opponent of val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent at the val0 season and val1 ? end 
GT: start which opponent has an away of val0 , and a home of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the round with an opponent of val0 , and a round of val1 ? end 
GT: start which home has a round of val0 , and an opponent of val1 ? end 
Batch 118 | Validation Loss 4.844535
PD: start what is the set 1 with a set 2 of val0 , and a set 2 of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the set 2 the has 1 set of val0 , and 4 sets of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the comp when the player is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is val0 's average rush ? end 
PD: start how many viewers were there for the episode with val0 rank of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of viewers when the rank is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average share for val0 , rank under val1 , and an episode number smaller than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the average episode # with a share of val0 , and val1 is rank and less than val2 viewers ? end 
PD: start what is the average share for val0 , val1 , and a series # less than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the average episode # with a val0 share and 18–49 is less than val1 and the air date of may val11 , val1009 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest nightly rank for the episode with more than val0mil viewers , an air date of val1 , and a rating of than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest viewers that has an episode # higher than val0 with a title of val1 less than val2 rating ? end 
PD: start what is the weekly rank for the show that has a rating larger than val0 , a weekly rank of val1 , and a rating larger than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the air date that has a 18–49 larger than val0 , less than val1 viewers and a rating less than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest gold when silver is val0 and bronze is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest bronze with a nation of val0 and with a gold that is smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of gold when silver is less than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of silver with a total that is smaller than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest rank for the nation of val0 , gold smaller than valval2 , and a nation of val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest total with a rank that is smaller than val0 and a nation of val1 with a gold that is smaller than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the average rank for the val0 with a total greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the average total with a nation of val0 and a rank that is larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 ? end 
GT: start from which region is the album with release date of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the label of the val0 on val1 ? end 
GT: start which label released the catalog val1 on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the format of the val0 ? end 
GT: start for the catalog title val0 , what formats are available ? end 
PD: start who was the socialist ticket when the office of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the term in office with an order that is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the competition on val0 ? end 
GT: start what competition has val0 as the date ? end 
PD: start what was the result on val0 ? end 
GT: start what result has val0 as the date ? end 
PD: start what is the venue on val0 ? end 
GT: start what date has val0 as the venue ? end 
PD: start what is the competition on val1 with a val0 competition ? end 
GT: start what date has val0 as the competition , and val1 as the venue ? end 
PD: start what is the rank when the bronze is more than val0 and silver is more than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the rank of the nation with more than val0 silver medals and val1 bronze medals ? end 
PD: start what is the example of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which astrological sign has the latin motto of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the spanish word for the val0 " ? end 
GT: start what is the translation of the sign of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the spanish word for the val0 " ? end 
GT: start which modern house title translates to val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the spanish word for the ? end 
GT: start what is the latin motto of the sign that translates to val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the artist for the week of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the modern house title of the val0 house ? end 
PD: start what is the video for the val0 ? end 
GT: start which sign has a modern house title of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of ast avg for val0 , when the 08 - 09 gp / jgp best is more than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the sum for the int yards that has an assts more than val0 , and player val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the match that had a time of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the time with a score that is val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team for the match on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the date with a home that is val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the date of the game that had a val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the ground with a date that is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the decision when the is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the away with a ground that is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the time of the match with a time of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the time with a ground that is val0 ? end 
Batch 119 | Validation Loss 4.467500
PD: start what is the decision of the val0 game ? end 
GT: start what is the away with a ground that is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the round of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the college with a round # that is val0 ? end 
PD: start what player is from val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the college with a player that is val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the 1st round for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the first leg of the val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the 1st leg score for the match against val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the first leg score against val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the 1st leg score for the match against val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the first leg against val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the round when the opponents is val0 ? end 
GT: start who were the opposition in the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest rank for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the least number of assists among players ranked val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest rank for val0 when gold is more than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest total when the rank is valval1 and the gold medals is larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of gold medals for the nation with val0 total ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of medals when there are val0 gold medals ? end 
PD: start what is the rank of the team with more than val0 silver , val1 bronze , and more than valval2 bronze ? end 
GT: start what is the number of bronze medals when the total is greater than val0 , more than val1 silver medals are won , and the rank is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the record for val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the location of the game when the record was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the record for val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the location of the game when the record was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the visitor of the val0 home game on val1 ? end 
GT: start what day was the game that had the val0 as visiting team and the val1 as the home team ? end 
PD: start what is the main span of the val0 , who has a rank greater than val1 , and a height greater than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the main span in feet from a year of val0 or more recent with a rank less than val1 and val2 main span metres ? end 
PD: start what group rank was above floor val1 , after val2 , with a height of m ) longer than val2 , and a height ( m ) of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the main span feet from opening year of val0 in the val1 with a rank greater than val2 and val3 main span metres ? end 
PD: start what is the highest river mile run for the val0 with a run time of val1 or more ? end 
GT: start what is the highest rank from the year greater than val0 with val1 main span metres ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest width of the val0 , in val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the oldest year with a main span feet of val0 in val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score of the game when the record was val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the date of the game with a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what week number was the game played at val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the earliest week that the texans played at the val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the date of the game at val0 ? end 
GT: start when did the texans play at val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the avg / g for the val0 ? end 
GT: start which quarterback had an avg / g of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the ruler in val0 ? end 
GT: start when did val0 begin to hold power ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the ruler in val0 ? end 
GT: start when did val0 begin to hold power ? end 
PD: start who was the special artist for the val0 ? end 
GT: start which royal house corresponds to val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the athlete with a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is mark , when name is val0 ? end 
PD: start what country is in lane val1 in lane val1 ? end 
GT: start what is country , when lane is val0 , and when react is greater than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest react , when country is val0 , and when lane is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest lane , when country is val0 , and when react is less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player with a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is heat , when mark is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average draw for the song val0 , which has more than val1 points ? end 
GT: start what is the average number of points for a song ranked val0 with a draw greater than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the draw for the jury song by val0 , and points smaller than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of draws for songs performed by val0 with fewer than val1 points ? end 
Batch 120 | Validation Loss 4.839681
PD: start what is the hdtv when the television service is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the hdtv when the content shows a val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the language of the val0 val1 service ? end 
GT: start what is the country when the language is val0 , and the television service is val1 ? end 
PD: start what package / option has val0 as the hdtv , and val1 as the television service ? end 
GT: start what is the hdtv when the package / option is val0 , and a television service of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the content of the val0 television service ? end 
GT: start what shows as content for the television service of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from the val0 , began after val1 , and a team of val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the team , when the year 2007 is greater than val0 , when the year 2006 is greater than val1 , and when the year 2005 is greater than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of year , when year(s is greater than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of year 2007(s ) , when the year 2005 is greater than val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
GT: start on what day was the game that ended in a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the time of the match with a time of val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the home team of the game at the time of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the time of the match with a time of val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the home team of the game at the time of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
GT: start on what day was the game that ended in a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the time of the match with a time of val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the away team of the game at the time val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the decision of the val0 game ? end 
GT: start on what grounds did the away team of the val0 play ? end 
PD: start what is the hangul rr romaja with   val0 hanja rr romaja being val0 end 
GT: start which capital has a hangul of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the post-1986 provinces with a val0 hanja ? end 
GT: start which country has a city with a hanja of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the hangul rr romaja with a val0 hanja of val0 , and a hangul of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the rr romaja for the province that has hangul of val0 and capital of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the area of the val0 townland ? end 
GT: start what is the area for the province having hangul of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the natural change ( ( in meters ) when the province is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the m - r romaja for the province having a capital of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest rank for the team with val0 points , more than val1 points and a val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest game that has val0 points and a team rank larger than val2 named val1 end 
PD: start what is the lowest rank of the val0 with a taijiquan greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest built , when floors is greater than val0 , and when rank is val1 ? end 
PD: start what name has a height greater than val0 , a birth of val1 , and a height larger than val2 , and a name of val3 ? end 
GT: start what is height , when rank is less than val0 , when floors is greater than val1 , when built is val005 , and when name is val3 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest figure for val0 when the is more than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest floors , when built is greater than val0 , and when name is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of yds / val24val0val0 rank val0 , a val1 less than val1 , and a val2 less than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of built , when floors is less than val0 , when rank is less than val1 , and when name is val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the height of the player who is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the height of the player from val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from val0 with a position of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the val0 from val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the val0 player from val1 ? end 
GT: start in what year of school is the val0 val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the height of the player who is val0 , the year is val1 , and the year is val2 ? end 
GT: start how tall is the val1 val0 val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the height of the player who is val0 and the name is val1 ? end 
GT: start what position does the val0 player from val1 play ? end 
PD: start what is the former wnba team for the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start in what year of school is the player from val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the game against the val0 with a game number greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the team with a game of more than val0 , and the score is val1 ? end 
PD: start who had the high rebounds when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the record when the high rebounds was val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent at the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the home score with val0 as opponent ? end 
PD: start what label is on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the label of the val0 catalog ? end 
Batch 121 | Validation Loss 4.073688
PD: start what label is on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the label of the val0 catalog ? end 
PD: start what is the region , when region is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the region of the val0 catalog ? end 
PD: start what school / club team did val0 play for ? end 
GT: start what school / club did val0 play for ? end 
PD: start what was the outcome of the match with a score of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the outcome of the val0 score ? end 
PD: start what was the outcome of the match against val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the outcome of the match with val0 as the opponent ? end 
PD: start what is the surface of the championship where val0 was the championship ? end 
GT: start what surface was the val0 played on ? end 
PD: start what is the highest rank for matches of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the rank of the player with val0 matches ? end 
PD: start what is the total rank for the club with more than val0 goals and more than val1 goals ? end 
GT: start what is the rank of the player with val0 goals in more than val1 matches ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of drawn games played by more than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of drawn that has a played more than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the difference of the club with more than val0 draws and more than val1 points ? end 
GT: start what difference has a points greater than val0 , and a drawn less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the game that had an attendance of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the result of the game with val0 in attendance ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance on val0 , when the week was less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the attendance for a week earlier than val0 , and a date of val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the game against the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the result of the game against the val0 ? end 
PD: start what song is from the artist of val0 , the points larger than val1 , and the artist of val2 ? end 
GT: start which song has more than val0 points , a draw greater than val1 , and is ranked val1rd ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest rank of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest points when the ranking is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average draw for val0 jury song by val0 and had a draw smaller than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the average number of points when the ranking is val0 and the draw is less than val1 ? end 
PD: start how many points for the engine val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of points of the val0 engine ? end 
PD: start what chassis has less than val0 years in val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the rank of the val1 chassis before val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the home team on val1 with val0 as the away team ? end 
GT: start who was the home team on val0 when val1 was the away team ? end 
PD: start what is the home team that has val0 as the away , and val1 as the away ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the home team with a round of val0 and val1 as the way team ? end 
PD: start what is the home team on val1 with val0 as the away team ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the home team on val0 when val1 was the away team ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game when the home were val0 ? end 
GT: start what home team has a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
GT: start on which date was the score val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home for the away team of val0 ? end 
GT: start who played as the home team when val0 was the away team ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest grid with val0 laps and a time / retired of val1 ? end 
GT: start what grid is the lowest when the time / retired is val0 and the laps is less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest grid with a time / retired of val0 , and under val1 laps ? end 
GT: start what is the biggest points when the grid is less than val0 and the time / retired is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average laps for val0 ? end 
GT: start driver val0 has what as his average laps ? end 
PD: start what is the points when the driver is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the driver with val0 points ? end 
PD: start what is the average points for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the average points that the driver val0 has ? end 
PD: start what is the 2007 value with val0 in 2011 ? end 
GT: start what shows for 2006 , when 2013 is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 2009 value with a val0 in 200r , and a 2007 of val1 ? end 
GT: start what shows for 2013 when the 2012 is val0 , and a 2009 is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 2007 value with val0 in 2011 and val1 in 2011 ? end 
GT: start what is the 2006 when the 2013 is val0 , and the 2012 is val0 ? end 
Batch 122 | Validation Loss 5.131433
PD: start what is the 2007 value with a val0 in 200r ? end 
GT: start what is the 2006 when the 2013 is val0 , and a tournament was the val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the 2007 value with a val0 in 200r ? end 
GT: start what is the tournament when the 2013 is val0 , and a 2006 is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the 1976 value of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the tournament when the 2013 is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 2007 value with val0 in 2009 ? end 
GT: start when in 2008 that has a 2007 oval0 val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 2007 value for val0 ? end 
GT: start which tournament has a 2007 of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the win percentage with a val0 in 2009 ? end 
GT: start what in 2005 has a win % of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 2010 value with a val0 in 200r ? end 
GT: start what in 2007 has a 2008 oval1 val0 , and a 2010 oval1 val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the 2007 value with val0 in 2011 ? end 
GT: start what in 2013 has a 2009 of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 2010 value with a val0 in 200r ? end 
GT: start val1hat in 2007 has a 2010 of val0 , and a 2012 of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the 2nd leg of the match with a 1st leg of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the name of team 2 with a 2nd leg of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the team 1 for the match where val0 is team 1 ? end 
GT: start what is the name of team 2 with a team 1 of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the 1st leg score for the match where val0 was team 1 ? end 
GT: start what is the 1st leg of the val0 team 1 ? end 
PD: start what was the 1st leg score for the match where val0 was the 1st leg ? end 
GT: start what is the 1st leg of the match with a 2nd leg of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the decision of the val0 game ? end 
GT: start what is the ground with an away that is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the time of the match with a time of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the away with a time that is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the time of the match on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the date with a time that is val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the score with a date that is val0 ? end 
PD: start what club is val0 in ? end 
GT: start which player was in the val0 club ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start which league 's nationality was val0 when there were val1 points ? end 
PD: start what is the lost for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the value for the item " lost " when the value " tries " is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the tries against when the points is val0 and the team is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the value for the item " tries " when the value of the item " played " is val0 and the value of the item " points " is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the points against when the points were val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the value of the item " points " when the value of the item " points against " is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the capacity for the rank val0 ? end 
GT: start which location has a capacity that has a rank of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest capacity for the annual change that has a navigator of val0 ? end 
GT: start what location has an in use capacity of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average height for the player with a height of val0 cm ? end 
GT: start which height ( cm ) has a birthplace of val0 ? end 
PD: start how many weight stats are there for the player with val0 weight ? end 
GT: start which weight ( kg ) has a nhl rights , if any of val0 ? end 
PD: start how many height numbers are there for the player with a height of val0 ? end 
GT: start which height ( cm ) has a birthplace of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the quantity when the lms is val0 , and when the quantity is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start which class has a number at lincoln smaller than val0 and a wheel arrangement of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the class when the year is after val0 and the val1 is val1 ? end 
GT: start which class has a number at lincoln larger than val0 and a number at doncaster of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the loss for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the val0 before val1 ? end 
GT: start which score has smaller than val0 , and a partner of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the val0 in val1 before val1 ? end 
GT: start who was the partner that was a val0 , a year smaller than val1 , and a score of val2 ? end 
Batch 123 | Validation Loss 5.203222
PD: start what is the margin of victory , when tournament is val0 , and when tournament is val1 ? end 
GT: start what tournament had a victory of a val0 margin and the final winning score val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the source with a val0 of val0 and a obama of val1 ? end 
GT: start which loera has a source of val0 , and a date of val1 ? end 
PD: start what was kaine 's ( d ) percentage in the poll on val0 ? end 
GT: start which goberman has a date of val0 ? end 
PD: start what percentage of the votes did mccain get in the county where val0 ? end 
GT: start which neville has a novick of val0 ? end 
PD: start what percentage of others have a szdsz of val0 and a fidesz of val1 ? end 
GT: start which goberman has an obrist of val0 , and a merkley of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the source with a norris that is val0 and val1 ? end 
GT: start which novick has a source of val0 , and a neville of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the percentage on val0 ? end 
GT: start which date has a novick of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the copa libertadores 1996 for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the coach with a big ten that is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the season finale for season val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the season with a big ten that is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the copa libertadores 1996 for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the coach with a big ten that is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the copa libertadores 1996 for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the coach with a big ten that is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of losses for the val0 season with more than val1 draws ? end 
GT: start what is the total of first season games with val0 wins and a season greater than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of losses for the player with more than val0 pct . , val1 wins , and less than val2 draws ? end 
GT: start how many wins were there for val2 college with losses greater than val0 and a first season before val1 and rank greater than val3 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of losses for the player with more than val0 draws , val1 rank , and more than val2 draws ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of rank with losses less than val0 , val1 college and a season greater than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of bronze when gold is less than val0 , silver is less than valval2 , and rank is less than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of bronzes associated with val0 silver , ranks under val1 and under val1 golds ? end 
PD: start what is the highest rank for bronze of the nation with val0 gold and more than val1 bronze ? end 
GT: start what is the highest number of bronzes for teams ranked number val1 with more than val0 silver ? end 
PD: start what is the average rank for the nation with more than val0 bronze , val1 golds , and more than val2 bronze ? end 
GT: start what is the average total for teams with more than val0 gold , ranked over val1 and more than val1 bronze ? end 
PD: start what is the total rank of the bronze is more than val0 , silver is more than valval2 , and the rank is more than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of bronzes for teams with more than val0 gold , ranked under val1 , and less than val0val0 silver ? end 
PD: start what is the total rank for the nation with val0 gold and more than val1 silver ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of silvers for teams with ranks over val0 and totals under val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average number of games for val0 when they had less than val1 rebounds ? end 
GT: start what is the number of games for the val0 team with less than val1 rebounds ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the games for val0 when the is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start how many rebounds did val0 get in less than val1 games ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player with a val0 g.a ? end 
GT: start how many games for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest rank for val0 with more than val1 games and more than val2 rebounds ? end 
GT: start what is the number of games for val0 player val1 with a rank of more than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the rank for the val0 in 19val06 ? end 
GT: start which year 's rank was val0 when the country was the val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the publication date of val0 ? end 
GT: start which publication happened in the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the rank for the val0 in 19val06 ? end 
GT: start which rank 's country is the val0 when the accolade is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the nationality of the val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the final score in the game on val1 with a score of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the final score with val0 as the opponent in the final , that happened after val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the points for the driver val0 ? end 
GT: start which points has the driver val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the grid for the val0 with a val1 ? end 
GT: start what grid has val0 laps , and val1 as driver ? end 
PD: start what is the highest grid for val0 ? end 
GT: start who scored with a grid of val0 and the highest amount of laps ? end 
PD: start what is the event where the event is val0 ? end 
GT: start who was fourth in the val0 event ? end 
Batch 124 | Validation Loss 5.759599
PD: start who won the val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the winner when val0 came in fourth ? end 
PD: start who was the 2nd place team for the val0 ? end 
GT: start who was in second place with val0 came in fourth ? end 
PD: start what is the average natural ( per val000 ) when the ( m 3 /p / s ) is val0 , and when the ( 10 km ) is more than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the average total freshwater withdrawal ( km 3 /yr ) , when industrial use ( m 3 /p / yr)(in % ) is val0 , and when per capita withdrawal ( m 3 /p / yr ) is greater than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest micro ( per val000 ) when the ( m ) is val0 , and when the ( 10 km ) is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest per capita withdrawal ( m 3 /p / yr ) , when agricultural use ( m 3 /p / yr)(in % ) is val0 , and when total freshwater withdrawal ( km 3 /yr ) is less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average col ( m / ( m ) when the ( m ) is more than val0 and the % global is more than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is agricultural use ( m 3 /p / yr)(in % ) , when per capita withdrawal ( m 3 /p / yr ) is greater than val0 , and when domestic use ( m 3 /p / yr)(in % ) is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average 1 , when natural change is val0 , and when the ( 2005 ) is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is industrial use ( m 3 /p / yr)(in % ) , when total freshwater withdrawal ( km 3 / yr ) is less than val0 , and when agricultural use ( m 3 /p / yr)(in % ) is val1 ? end 
PD: start who was the leading scorer when the val0 played ? end 
GT: start who was the leading score in the game at the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average number of cuts made that have val0 as the top - val05 ? end 
GT: start how many average cuts made when val0 is the top-10 ? end 
PD: start what is the average number of top-1val1s for events with val0 cuts made , and less than val1 cuts made ? end 
GT: start when the wins are less than val1 and the top-5 valval1 what is the average cuts ? end 
PD: start what is the average number of top-1val1s for events with more than val0 win and more than val1 wins ? end 
GT: start what is the average top-10 with a greater than val0 top - val15 and a less than val1 wins ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the top-25 that have val0 as the cuts made , and events larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the total of wins when the cuts made is val0 and the events greater than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest cuts made that have events under val0 ? end 
GT: start what are the largest cuts made when the events are less than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of wins when the top - valval1val1 is val0 and the is more than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest top-25 that has valval1 events and wins greater than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the win percentage when the champion was val0 , and the score was val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the wins of the top-25 of val0 and val1 events ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of wins when the top-25 is less than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest top-25 with wins less than val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times is the mens u20 ' val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of cuts made of tournaments with val0 events ? end 
PD: start what is the bleeding time for val0 ? end 
GT: start which bleeding has a condition of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the partial thromboplastin time for conditions where the condition is val0 ? end 
GT: start which partial thromboplastin time has a condition of val0 ? end 
PD: start what condition has a bleeding time of val0 , bleeding time of val0 , and a condition of partial thromboplastin time of val1 ? end 
GT: start which condition has an val0 partial thromboplastin time , platelet count , and a prothrombin time ? end 
PD: start what is the condition of bleeding time when partial thromboplastin time is val0 , and prothrombin time is val1 ? end 
GT: start which condition has an val0 prothrombin time and a bleeding time , and a partial thromboplastin time of val2 ? end 
PD: start who won tennis when the year was larger than val0 and the margin was val1 ? end 
GT: start what margin was in after val0 , and was val1 runner - up ? end 
PD: start what is the championship for val0 ? end 
GT: start what championship was in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total of bronze when gold is val0 , and the total is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the number of bronze medals when the total medals were val0 and there were less than val1 golds ? end 
PD: start what is the average total when gold is more than val0 , bronze is val1 and silver is more than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the average number of gold medals when the total was val1 medals , with more than val2 bronzes and more than val0 silvers ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of bronze medals for the nation with val0 gold and more than val1 bronze ? end 
GT: start what is the total amount of gold medals when there were more than val0 silvers and there were val1 bronze medals ? end 
PD: start what is the average bronze when silver is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the average number of bronze medals for val0 of all nations ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of gold when the rank is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of gold medals for a rank of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the rank for the nation with val0 gold and more than val1 silver ? end 
GT: start which rank has val0 silver medal and more than val0 gold medal ? end 
PD: start who is the gagarin cup finalist when the club is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the clubs when there are val0 for the number of fixtures ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the matches for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of number of fixtures when the rounds shows val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the round when the round is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the new entries this round when the round is the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the shortstop when the round is higher than val0 and the leader 's record is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the round when the number of fixtures is more than val0 , and the main date of 7 and val08 november val0007 ? end 
Batch 125 | Validation Loss 5.140055
PD: start what is the average top-25 that has events less than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the event average for a top-25 smaller than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest number of cuts made while the events with val0 top five , less than val1 top five , and less than val2 top five ? end 
GT: start what are the highest wins with cuts smaller than valval2 , events of val1 and a top-5 smaller than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest cuts made that has a top 1val1 larger than val0 , a top 1val1 larger than val1 , and a test tour of val2 ? end 
GT: start what are the lowest top-5 with a top-25 larger than val0 , val1 cuts and a top-10 larger than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest top-25 , when events is less than val0 , when tournament is less than val1 , and when black is less than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest for top-2val2 with events smaller than val0 in a val1 with a top-10 smaller than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from val0 with a height greater than val1 and a height of val1 ? end 
GT: start which birthplace 's height in inches was more than val0 when the position was val1 anval1 the birthval1ay was val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the nationality of val0 ? end 
GT: start what nationality has val0 as the player ? end 
PD: start what is the nationality of the val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start what years in orlando have the val0 as the nationality , with val1 as the school / club team ? end 
PD: start what school / club team did val0 play for ? end 
GT: start which player has val0 as the school / club team ? end 
PD: start what is the nationality of val0 ? end 
GT: start what nationality has val0 as the player ? end 
PD: start what is the nationality of the val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start what years in orlando have the val0 as the nationality , and val1 as the school / club team ? end 
PD: start what school / club team did val0 play for ? end 
GT: start what school / club team has val0 as the player ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance for the game against the val0 ? end 
GT: start in the game where they played the val0 , what was the attendance ? end 
PD: start which opponent has an attendance smaller than val0 , and an opponent of val1 ? end 
GT: start in the game on or before week val0 , who was the opponent when the attendance was val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the result on val0 ? end 
GT: start on val0 , what was the result of the game ? end 
PD: start who played against val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the team # 2 with val0 as team # 1 ? end 
PD: start what is the 2nd leg of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the 2nd leg for the team # 2 val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 1st leg score for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the 1st leg with a val0 team # 2 ? end 
PD: start what is the average rank for nations with under val0 bronze ? end 
GT: start what is the rank with val0 bronze ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of gold medals for the nation with more than val0 total ? end 
GT: start what is the total where the gold is larger than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of silver when the total is val0 and the gold is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the smallest number of gold where the total is less than val1 and the silver count is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of losses for the team with more than val0 draws , val1 points , and more than val2 draws ? end 
GT: start which against has a drawn smaller than val0 , and a lost smaller than val1 , and a points larger than 3val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average lost for the player with more than val0 draws , more than val1 draws , and more than val3 played ? end 
GT: start which played has a lost larger than val0 , and a points smaller than val1 , and a position smaller than valval3 , and a drawn smaller than val3 ? end 
PD: start how many weeks were there on val0 ? end 
GT: start how many weeks have val0 as the date ? end 
PD: start which party has a previous party of val0 , and a previous description of val1 ? end 
GT: start what party took office after val0 with senator val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the governors 1950 when the candidate was val0 ? end 
GT: start what year did senator val0 take office ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of bronze when gold is more than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of bronze when the total is more than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of bronze medals for the nation with val0 gold and more than val1 bronze ? end 
GT: start what is the val1 number of bronze when gold is more than val0 and nation is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average rank for val0 with more than val1 bronze ? end 
GT: start what is the average bronze for rank val0 and total is more than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the ranks with a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of total when rank is val0 ? end 
PD: start what nation has more than val0 gold , val1 bronze , and more than val2 bronze ? end 
GT: start what is the nation when there is a total less than val0 , gold is less than valval2 , and bronze is more than valval2 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest fiscal population of the country that has a val0 % catholic in val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the earliest year commissioned wiht an average annual output greater than val0 and installed capacity of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average annual population for val0 with a annual change of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the average annual output for val0 power station with an installed capacity less than val1 ? end 
Batch 126 | Validation Loss 5.918329
PD: start what is the average relative ( per val000 ) , when natural change ( per val000 ) is less than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the year commissioned of the power stationo with a gross head of less than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest fiscal population of the county with a val0 % change ( per val000 ) smaller than val0 , and a population maroochy ( of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the year commissioned of the power station with a gross head of val0 metres and average annual output of less than val1 million kwh ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the population density with a population density greater than val0 and a population density of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of the area values for districts having density over val0 and websites of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the value of the engine family for the val0 engine ? end 
GT: start what is the valvetrain with an val0 that is val0 ? end 
PD: start what school / club team did val0 play for ? end 
GT: start what is the position of the player from val0 ? end 
PD: start what school / club team did val0 play for ? end 
GT: start what is val0 's school / club team ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the for val0 when the is more than val1 ? end 
GT: start how many spikes have val0 as the date of birth , with a block greater than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the release date for the episode with less than val0 episodes and a val1 ? end 
GT: start on what date was the dvd released for the season with fewer than val1 episodes that aired before season val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of episodes for the episode val0 , and the series number val1 ? end 
GT: start which season had fewer than val0 episodes and aired its season finale on val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest attendance of the match with a val0 result and a score of val1 ? end 
GT: start after match val0 , what was the attendance of the match with a score of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the semi finalists whre with   runner - up   being val0 and   semi - finalist   being val1 end 
GT: start when the runner - up is listed as val0 and the week is val1 , who are the semi finalists ? end 
PD: start what is the winner , when the semi finalists is val0 , and when the semi finalists is val1 ? end 
GT: start who is the winner in the week listed as val0 , when the runner - up is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the semi finalists whre with   runner - up   being val0 and   semi - finalist   being val1 end 
GT: start who are the semi finalists on the week of val0 , when the runner - up is listed as val1 ? end 
PD: start who won the val0 ? end 
GT: start when the tier is listed as val0 , who is the winner ? end 
PD: start what was the winner of the val0 ? end 
GT: start in which week is the winner listed as val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the school / club team for val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the player that spent the year val0 in orlando ? end 
PD: start what is the position for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the position of the player , val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the position for the val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the player that had the position , val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the gecko value for russian word val0 ? end 
GT: start which features have val0 listed under datacenter ? end 
PD: start what is the compression ratio for the val0 , which has a gzip of val0 , a backlit of val1 , and a suval1name fir of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the datacenter for the val2 feature that has val1 for itanium and val0 for standard ? end 
PD: start what unit is in val0 ? end 
GT: start which foundation has an enterprise of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the gecko value for the item that has a trident value of val0 and a trident value of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the datacenter for the val1 feature that has val0 listed for itanium ? end 
PD: start what unit is in val0 and has an element of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the enterprise for teh val1 feature that has a datacenter of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the gecko value for russian word val0 ? end 
GT: start what datacenter is listed against the val0 feature ? end 
PD: start what is the l2 cache for the val0 model ? end 
GT: start what is the l2 cache with a val0 multi 1 ? end 
PD: start what is the release date of the processor with val0 socket and a val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the socket with an order part number of val1 and a val0 release date ? end 
PD: start what is the part number of the processor with a release date of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the order part number with a val0 multi 1 ? end 
PD: start what is the frequency for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the frequency of the val0 order part number ? end 
PD: start what is the l2 cache for the val2 with a val0 and a val1 of val0 , and a clock speed of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the l2 cache with a release date on val0 , a val1 fpu width , and a val2 multi 1 ? end 
PD: start what is the l2 cache for the val2 with a val0 and a val1 of val0 , and a clock speed of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the release date of the val0 l2 cache with a val1 multi 1 , and a fpu width of val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the college for val0 ? end 
GT: start what player has a college that is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the college for val0 ? end 
GT: start what college has a player that is val0 ? end 
Batch 127 | Validation Loss 4.581937
PD: start what is the score on val0 with tie number val1 ? end 
GT: start which score has a date of val0 , and a tie no of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the score when the home team is val0 , and the away team is val1 ? end 
GT: start which home team has a score of val0 , and an away team of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the match with val0 as the away team ? end 
GT: start which score has a tie no of val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the home team when the away team was val0 ? end 
GT: start which home team has an away team of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the score on val0 with tie number val1 ? end 
GT: start which tie no has a score of val0 , and a date of val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game wehre played val0 ? end 
GT: start which score has a home team of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the language for translators named val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the language for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the television service offering val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the country with val0 as the television service ? end 
PD: start what is the hdtv when the television service is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the hdtv when val0 are the content ? end 
PD: start what is the language for translators named val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the language when the val0 is the television service ? end 
PD: start what is the hdtv status for the val0 television service ? end 
GT: start what is the hdtv for the val0 television service ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest week number for the val0 game after week val1 , and a result of val0–7 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest week when the result was val0 , val1 , with more than val2 people in attendance ? end 
PD: start what is the highest attendance for the val0 after week val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest week when the opponent was the val0 , with more than val1 in attendance ? end 
PD: start what is the highest attendance for the val0 after week val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest week when the opponent was val0 , with more than val1 in attendance ? end 
PD: start what week was the result val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest week when the result was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average week for the result is val0 and the week is more than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the average week when the result was val0 , and there were more than val1 in attendance ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest overs when the strike rate is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest overs with a run that is val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the away team val0 ? end 
GT: start what score has val0 as the away team ? end 
PD: start who was the home team when the away team was val0 ? end 
GT: start what home team has val0 as the away team ? end 
PD: start what is the average pick , when round is less than val0 , and when player is " val1 " ? end 
GT: start what is the average pick when the round was less than val0 for val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average goals for matches smaller than val0 ? end 
GT: start what average goals have matches less than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total avge when goals against is more than val0 and the goals for is more than val1 ? end 
GT: start how many goals / matches have val0 as the goals with matches greater than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest goals for val0 when the goals against is more than val1 and goals scored is more than val1val1 ? end 
GT: start what are the lowest goal that have goals / matches greater than val0 with val1 as the name and matches greater than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the club for years under val0 , and goals under val1 ? end 
GT: start what years have goals less than val0 , and val1 as matches ? end 
PD: start who was the winner in the val0 ? end 
GT: start what team was the winner when the runner - up shows val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the winner of the val0 val1 with a val1 winner ? end 
GT: start what is the score when the winner was val0 , and the number attendance was val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the number of the val0 in the val1 season ? end 
GT: start what is the attendance number when the runner - up was val0 , and a title of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the title of the val0 season ? end 
GT: start what is the attendance number for the title of val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the winner for season val0 , and the season val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the title when the winner was val0 , and a season of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the runner - up when the score is val0 and the score is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the score when the winner was val0 , and a runner - up of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from val0 with a pick number less than val1 ? end 
GT: start which position has a pick # lower than val0 for player val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from val0 with a pick number less than val1 ? end 
GT: start which player has a pick # lower than val0 and a val1 position ? end 
Batch 128 | Validation Loss 6.096388
PD: start how many picks did the val0 have ? end 
GT: start if the position is val0 what is the total number of pick # ? end 
PD: start whaval1 college 's val1he val1he val1he val1he val1he val1he val1he val1he ? end 
GT: start which college has player val1 and a pick # greater than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average number of drawn for the player with a position less than val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the average position for which the amount drawn was less than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total lost for the difference is val0 and the goals against is more than val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the total number of points when the value difference was val0 , and when the value lost was greater than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of white ( % ) , when black ( % ) is greater than val0 , when industry is greater than val1 , and when industry is greater than val2 , and when industry is greater than val3 ? end 
GT: start how many values for 1999 european correspond to a value more than val0 in 2009 european , general 2001 more than val1 , 2006 general at val2 , and more than val3 in general 2008 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest 2000 value with a cultural and educational panel , less than val0 members , less than val1 members , and less than val3 members , and less than val3 members ? end 
GT: start what is the highest value for general 2008 when there is less than val0 in european 2009 , more than val1 in general 2006 , more than val2 in general 2001 , and less than val3 for 2004 european ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest 2000 number with a forbes less than val0 , and a forbes 2011 of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest value for 2004 european when 1999 european is val0 and less than val1 in 1996 general ? end 
PD: start what is the average fiscal year for the university of val0 , a forbes 2011 of val1 , and a us cham of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the average value for general 2001 with more than val0 in 1val2val2val2 european , val1 in 2006 general , and more than val2 in 1val2val26 general ? end 
PD: start what university has valvalval2 women 's 50 before val0 , had less than val1 in valval1999 , and less than val3 in 1970 ? end 
GT: start what was the value for 2004 european with less than val0 in general 2001 , less than val1 in 2009 european , and less than val2 in general 2013 with val3 in 2008 general ? end 
PD: start who won the val0 ? end 
GT: start who won with the song val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the best title for the val0 ? end 
GT: start which winning song had a debut album val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the finale for season val0 ? end 
GT: start which album debuted in val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the winner of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which english winning song had the winner val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the best score for the val0 ? end 
GT: start which winning song was sung by val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest amount of revenue in 2011 of the company with val0 billion ? end 
GT: start name the highest profits ( billion $ ) which has a company of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of revenue in billions of the company with market market value greater than val0 billion in sales , and the market value in profits is more than val2 billion ? end 
GT: start how many assets ( billion $ ) has an industry of val0 , and a rank of val1 , and a market value ( billion $ ) larger than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest rank of the company with val0 billion in profits and more than val1 billion in profits ? end 
GT: start name the lowest profits ( billion $ ) which has a sales ( billion $ ) of val0 , and a rank larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest industry that has a revenue ( billion $ ) larger than val0 , and revenue ( billion $ ) larger than val1 billion , and a market value of val2 billion ? end 
GT: start name the lowest market value ( billion $ ) which has assets ( billion $ ) larger than val0 , and a company of val1 , and profits ( billion $ ) larger than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the market value in billions of the val0 industry ? end 
GT: start name the sales ( billion $ ) which have a company of val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the winner with more than val0 points and a val1 ? end 
GT: start what is winner , when win # is greater than val0 , and when points is less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the years when the is less than val0 , women 's race is val1 , and the year is more than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is playoff result , when winner is " val0 " , when win # is greater than val1 , when points is less than valval2 , and when year is " 20val1val1-val12 " ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of points for the val0 before val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest win # , when year is " val0 " , and when points is less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest number of wins before the val0 season , which won val1 , and had less than val2 points ? end 
GT: start what is the highest win # , when winner is " val0 " , when playoff result is " val1 " , and when points is less than val2 ? end 
PD: start who won the val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the winner against val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the tournament with a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the finalist in val0 ? end 
PD: start who won the val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the winner against finalist val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the away team of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the date when the away team was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the away team of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the date when the away team was the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the tie number for the val0 away game ? end 
GT: start what was the tie number when val0 was the away team ? end 
PD: start what is the highest week for the val0 after week val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest week when attendance is greater than val0 with a result of val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the game on val2 with an attendance greater than val0 and a result of val0–7 ? end 
GT: start what result in a week over val1 occurred with an attendance greater than val0 on val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the to par of val0 , player val1 ? end 
GT: start what playval0r has val0 as thval0 to par , and thval0 unitval0d statval0s as thval0 country ? end 
Batch 129 | Validation Loss 5.555202
PD: start what is the country of player val1 , who has a score of val0 ? end 
GT: start what player has the val0 as the country with val1 as the score ? end 
PD: start what is the country of val0 place player val1 ? end 
GT: start what player has the val0 as the country , with val1 as the place ? end 
PD: start what is the to par for val0 place player val1 ? end 
GT: start what placval0 has val0 as thval0 to par , with mark wival0bval0 as thval0 playval0r ? end 
PD: start what is the most recent year founded in val0 with val0 as imed ? end 
GT: start when is the club founded that founed prsl in val0 and the home city is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the club that hosts val0 in the val1 before val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the club that was founded before val0 , joined prsl in val1 and the stadium is val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest founded for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the earliest founded when the home city is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the most recent year founded in val0 with a val1 of val1 ? end 
GT: start when is the latest to join prsl when founded in val0 and the stadium is val1 ? end 
PD: start who was the champion in the tournament of val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start what year was the international cup that was won by val0 and had val1 as runner - up ? end 
PD: start what to par has a country of val0 , and a year larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start in what year did the val0 win to par greater than val1 end 
PD: start what is the sum of to par , when year(s is greater than val0 , and when year(s ) is " val1 " ? end 
GT: start what is the total that val0 had a par greater than val1 end 
PD: start what is the highest to par , when year(s ) is less than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest to par that is less than val0 end 
PD: start what is the average attendance on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the average attendance , when the date is val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent when the attendance was val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the attendance , when the opponent is the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest number of overs for players with val0 wickets and more than val1 solo ? end 
GT: start what is the highest sets+ number for val0 when the sets- number was larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of points for a player with more than val0 sets ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of points- when the sets- is larger than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest number of points for the val0 team , which has more than val1 points and more than val2 total points ? end 
GT: start what is the highest points+ number when the points- number is larger than val0 , a sets+ number smaller than val1 and a sets- number larger than val2 ? end 
PD: start which team has a than val0 neutral , a val1 09 - 10 , and a val2 09 - 10 score of val2 ? end 
GT: start who is the team who had a sets+ number smaller than val0 , a sets- number of val2 , and a points+ number smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest number of points for the val0 team , which has more than val1 points and more than val2 total points ? end 
GT: start what is the highest points+ number that has a sets+ number larger than val0 , a sets- number larger than val2 , and a points- number smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which developer has a year of val0 releases ? end 
PD: start what is the original channel when the artist is val0 and the narrator is val1 ? end 
GT: start which publisher has release year of val0 and an original val1 platform ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which publisher is responsible for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the netflow version when vendor is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the connection for the val0 web client accelerator ? end 
PD: start what is the date for the val0 val1 ? end 
GT: start what 's the date with the region of val0 and has a catalog of val1 ? end 
PD: start what label released a val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's listed for the label with a date of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date for the val0 val1 ? end 
GT: start what 's the date for the region of val0 and has the catalog of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the region of the val0 label , and a val1 format ? end 
GT: start what format has the region of val0 and a catalog of val1 ? end 
PD: start what label has val0 region ? end 
GT: start what label has the region of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date for the val0 val1 ? end 
GT: start what date has the region val0 and a catalog of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the series , when series is val0 , when season is val1 , and when season is greater than val2 ? end 
GT: start how many poles are there in the valval2 in the val1 season with more than val2 f / laps ? end 
PD: start what is the series when the points is val0 ? end 
GT: start which series has val0 points ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of races for val0 with more than val1 podiums and more than val1 races ? end 
GT: start how many poles are there in the valval2 season with val1 races and more than val2 f / laps ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of races for val0 , and races is val1 ? end 
GT: start how many races did the val0 val1 team have ? end 
Batch 130 | Validation Loss 5.628324
PD: start what is the studio of the val0 book ? end 
GT: start what is title , when studio is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the studio of the val0 book ? end 
GT: start what is studio , when title is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the highest rank for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest rank , when director is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is player , when to par is less than val0 , and when player is " val1 " ? end 
GT: start what country is player val1 with a to par of less than val0 from ? end 
PD: start what place is val0 in ? end 
GT: start what is val0 's place ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of to par , when year(s ) is greater than val0 , and when player is " 19val02 " ? end 
GT: start what is the val1 with a to larger than val0 money sum ? end 
PD: start what is the highest series # , when title is val0 , and when series # is greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start which season # has a title of val0 , and a series # larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the original air date for the episode val1 series that was directed by val0 ? end 
GT: start which original air date has a season # smaller than val0 , and a title of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the opponent when the series is val0 and the opponent is val1 ? end 
GT: start who is the opponent of the game with a val0 series and val1 as the leading scorer ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance of the game that had val0 as the away team ? end 
GT: start what is the attendance of the val0 series ? end 
PD: start what is the leading scorer of the val0 season ? end 
GT: start who is the leading scorer of the val0 series ? end 
PD: start what is the tie number for the home team of val0 ? end 
GT: start which tie is from val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the tie number for the home team of val0 ? end 
GT: start which tie is from val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest draw that has a win percentage of val0 , and losses larger than val1 , and a loss of 1val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest u wins , when alianza wins is greater than val0 , when alianza goals is greater than val1 , and when draws is " val2 " ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of losses for the val0 team that has more than val1 goals ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of alianza wins , when alianza goals is " val0 , and when u goals is greater than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of years , when the is greater than val0 , and when name is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of u wins , when alianza goals is " val0 " , and when u goals is greater than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest against value for the val0 , which has less than val1 cf wins , and less than valval2 draws ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest draws , when alianza goals is less than val0 , when u goals is less than val1 , and when alianza wins is less than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of to par , when player is " val0 " ? end 
GT: start what is the total of all to par with player val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the place of player val1 , who has $ val0 ? end 
GT: start which money has player val1 with val0 place ? end 
PD: start what is the average to par , when player is " val0 " ? end 
GT: start what is average to par when val0 is the player ? end 
PD: start what is the score of player val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the golfer that has the score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what country is val0 from ? end 
GT: start val0 plays for what country ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest goals for a player with more than val0 goals ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest appearance when goals is more than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of goals scored for a player with a result of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of appearance when goals is more than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average crowd number for the val0 season with a result of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the average tries for the season val0 with an appearance more than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of points for the val0 that had less than val1 points ? end 
GT: start how many times is tries valval1 and appearance less than valval1 ? end 
PD: start what is the rank of the ranks with a worldwide gross of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the rank of the film with a worldwide gross of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the singapore gross with a rank larger than val0 and a 2003 value of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the title of the film with a rank greater than val0 and worldwide gross of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the rank for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the worldwide gross of the film with a rank of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the rank for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the worldwide gross of the film with a rank of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of ast avg with a val0 larger than val0 and games of val1 ? end 
GT: start when the player gained below val1 yards and lost over val0 yards , what 's the sum of the long yards ? end 
PD: start what is the total of the player with a loss of val0 and more than val1 gain , and more than val2 gain ? end 
GT: start when the gain is val19 , and the average per game is val1 , and the player lost less than val0 yards , what 's the sum of the long yards ? end 
Batch 131 | Validation Loss 5.180688
PD: start what is the total of the / g that has a gp / g bigger than val0 , and a loss larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start what 's the sum of all average yards gained when the gained yards is under val0 and lost more than val1 yards ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the pick of the val0 player with a pick less than val1 ? end 
GT: start how many overalls have val0 as the name , with a pick less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the rounds for val0 with a pick less than val1 ? end 
GT: start how many rounds have val0 as the name , and a pick less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the iata for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what airport has an iata of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the icao for val0 ? end 
GT: start what country has an icao of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the icao for val0 ? end 
GT: start what airport has an icap of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the icao for val0 ? end 
GT: start what airport has an icao of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the icao for val0 , and a iata of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the icao for val0 , and the iata is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of overall , when position is val0 , and when round is greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the number of the round in which val0 was drafted and the overall is greater than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of overall , when position is val0 , and when pick is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what pick did val0 get drafted when the overall was less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the from for the date from of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the from for the date from of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the name for the row with date from of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the date from for val1 , who was with the team until the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the val0 player from val1 ? end 
GT: start where was the player from who had the position of val0 , who started val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the val0 player with a val1 position ? end 
GT: start what date did val1 , who played position val0 , start ? end 
PD: start what is the average round for the opponent val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the average round against opponent val0 ? end 
PD: start what week was the opponent val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest week that was played against the val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent for week val0 ? end 
GT: start which opponent was played in week val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game where the attendance was val0 ? end 
GT: start whichscore has a location attendance of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average game number for val0 ? end 
GT: start which game has a team of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average game number on val0 ? end 
GT: start which game was played on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest game number when high assists is val0 ? end 
GT: start which game has high assists of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average area in val0 , a forbes less than val1 , and a population less than val2 ? end 
GT: start name the amount of map key which has a pop ( 2004 ) smaller than val0 , and a capital city of val1 , and an area km² smaller than val2 ? question 1 end 
PD: start what is the sum of the population in 2011 for the val0 administrative headquarters that had less than val1 in square kilometers ? end 
GT: start count the sum of pop ( 2004 ) which has a governorate of val0 with an area km² smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the of live in 1991 of the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many pop ( 2004 ) has a governorate of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the areas in val0 , which has more than val1 in square miles , and a population greater than val2 ? end 
GT: start how many map key has an area km² larger than val0 and a capital city of val1 , and a pop ( 2004 ) larger than val2 ? end 
PD: start who had the high points when the attendance was val0 ? end 
GT: start what is location attendance , when high points is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the average game number for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the average game , when team is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start who had the high points when the game was played in the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is high points , when game is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the high assists for the game earlier than val0 when the high assists is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is high points , when game is less than val0 , and when high assists is " val1 " ? end 
PD: start what is the team for game val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the team in game val0 ? end 
Batch 132 | Validation Loss 4.993842
PD: start what is the lowest game number with a score of val0 ? end 
GT: start what game had a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the team for game val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the team in game val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the record when the streak was val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the streak in the game with a record of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the team for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the team on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the venue when the venue is val0 , and the date is val1 ? end 
GT: start what venue had an event on 17 november val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the largest number of the venue that has a venue of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the most recent season with a date of val0 ? end 
PD: start who won the val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the winner on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the season with val0 as the winner and val1 as the winner ? end 
GT: start what is the score of the event that val0 won in val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of losses for the val0 season , which has more than val1 draws ? end 
GT: start which seasons has a name of val0 , and a lost larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the record for the argonauts when their record was val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the location / attendance when the record is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of game , when date is " val0 " ? end 
GT: start what is the game on val0 ? end 
PD: start who had the high points on val0 ? end 
GT: start who had the high points on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the high assists for the game earlier than val0 and the high assists is val1 ? end 
GT: start who had the high assists when the game was less than val0 and the score was val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the val0 awards ? end 
GT: start what was the result of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of goals against when the position is less than val0 , the goals against is more than val1 , and the goals against is more than val1val1 ? end 
GT: start can you tell me the sum of goals against that has the goals for larger than val0 , and the position of val1 , and the wins smaller than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest goals against , when position is " val0 " , when drawn is greater than val1 , and when goals against is less than val2 ? end 
GT: start can you tell me the lowest played that has the position larger than val0 , and the draws smaller than val0 , and the goals against smaller than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of draws for the team with more than val0 draws and more than val1 wins ? end 
GT: start can you tell me the total number of wins that has the draws larger than val0 , and the points of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the city of the building in val0 ? end 
GT: start in what city does the tallest building have val0 floors ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the building housing in val0 built after val1 ? end 
GT: start what building in val0 had more than val1 floors ? end 
PD: start what is the place of the player with a goal of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the venue where goal # val0 occured ? end 
PD: start what was the record when the visitor was val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the flyers ' record when the visitors were val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the visitor when the val0 were the visitors ? end 
GT: start who were the visitors when the home team were the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is glider , when speed is " val0 " ? end 
GT: start what car / motorcycle goes val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the driver for the val0 ? end 
GT: start which driver is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the pali word for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the full word , when case suffix ( case ) is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the english word for the word val0 ? end 
GT: start what is english meaning , when full word is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the strongs word for the word val0 ? end 
GT: start what is case suffix ( case ) , when english meaning is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the plural if the singular is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is postposition , when noun root ( meaning ) is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the strongs word for the word val0 ? end 
GT: start what is english meaning , when case suffix ( case ) is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the singular word for the word val0 ? end 
GT: start what is case suffix ( case ) , when postposition is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what year was the val0 album ? end 
GT: start what is the total years for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average number of wins for val0 position before val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the average number of podiums in the valval1 position with less than val1 wins ? end 
Batch 133 | Validation Loss 4.886014
PD: start what is the name of the racer with val0 races ? end 
GT: start what is the race in the val0 position ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the pick that has a pick less than val0 from val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of overall , when college is " val0 " , and when pick is less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average pick , when player is " val0 " , and when pick is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the average pick , when name is " val0 " , and when overall is less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the rounds for the val0 with a overall less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of overall , when name is " val0 " , and when round is less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the championship of the val0 with a score of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is score in the final , when championship is " val0 " , and when outcome is " val1 " ? end 
PD: start what is the opponent in the final with a outcome of val0 before val1 ? end 
GT: start what is opponent in the final , when date is before val0 , and when outcome is " val1 " ? end 
PD: start what is the real name of the school affiliated in val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the religious affiliation for the athletics nicknamed val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the career sr for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is tournament , when career sr is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the 1994 finish for the val0 tournament ? end 
GT: start what is 1995 , when tournament is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the 1993 value with val0 in 1990 , val1 in 1990 , and a val2 in 1990 ? end 
GT: start what is 1997 , when 1996 is " val0 " , when 1990 is " val1 " , and when 1991 is " val2 " ? end 
PD: start what is the 1991 when the 1991 is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is 1996 , when 1992 is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the 1993 value with val0 in 1990 and val1 in 1990 ? end 
GT: start what is 1994 , when 1991 is " val0 " , and when tournament is " val1 " ? end 
PD: start what is the largest number for the val0 closed ? end 
GT: start when was the venue named val0 established ? ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the opponent with the record of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of december , when opponent is " val0 " , and when november is greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start what day in january was the game greater than val1 and had val0 as opponents ? end 
PD: start how many games were numbered val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the total number of games on january val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the share of votes for the val0 election ? end 
GT: start what is votes ( % ) , when episode is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the weekly rank for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is first broadcast , when jeremy 's guest is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the weekly rank for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is jeremy 's guest , when first broadcast is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the episode # of the episode val0 ? end 
GT: start what is episode , when jeremy 's guest is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the episode # of the episode val0 ? end 
GT: start what is graeme 's guest , when episode is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the percentage of votes for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is votes ( % ) , when first broadcast is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start who had the high rebounds when the high assists is val0 ? end 
GT: start who had the high rebounds of the game that val0 had the high assists ? end 
PD: start what was the score of game val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score of game val0 ? end 
PD: start who had the high rebounds on val0 ? end 
GT: start who had the high rebounds on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total population of the region with a population of val0 and a population larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start how big is the area that has a population density of val0 and a population larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total population of the region with a population of just of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the population density of the area with a population larger than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the population of the subdivision with a population of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the population with an area of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of district , when district is greater than val0 , and when district is val1 ? end 
GT: start how many settlements are in val0 with a population density higher than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest district with a val0 and a greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest population density of val0 with more than val1 settlements ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start who presented their credentials at an val0 date ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start when did val0 present his credentials ? end 
Batch 134 | Validation Loss 5.237281
PD: start what is the manager of the manager who was replaced by val0 ? end 
GT: start when was val0 appointed ? end 
PD: start what is the manager of the manager who was replaced by val0 ? end 
GT: start who was appointed on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the title of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was val0 's title ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from val0 with a pick greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is nationality , when position is " val0 " , and when pick is val0reater than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the school / club team of the val0 player from val1 ? end 
GT: start what is player , when round is " val0 " , and when school / club team is " val1 " ? end 
PD: start what is the highest pick number for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest pick , when position is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the average draw for the song val0 , which has less than val1 points ? end 
GT: start what was the average place for the song that had val0 points and a draw smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the english translation of the artist val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the english translation for the song by val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the language for translators commentator for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what song was in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the draw for the team that had val0 points ? end 
GT: start what is the points against when val0 is val0 ? end 
PD: start what club has val0 points and val1 tries against ? end 
GT: start what is the points against when the losing bonus is val0 and the club is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the club when points is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the points when the club val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the tries for that has val0 as the tries ? end 
GT: start what is the tries fow when val0 is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the club when drawn is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is drawn when the club is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lost for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is lost when the points against is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the home team for the val0 away game ? end 
GT: start who was the away team against the home team val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the tie number for the match with val0 as the away team ? end 
GT: start who was the away team with a tie of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest year , when title is " val0 " ? end 
GT: start what is the latest year of the album with the release title val0 ? end 
PD: start how many notes are read in the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total year of release of the title val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lead margin with a val0 poll of val0 and a val1 percentage of val1 ? end 
GT: start what percent is the lead margin of val0 that republican : jeff beatty has according to poll source val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the poll source when the poll showing val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the poll source that has republican : jeff beatty behind at val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the service for the val0 ? end 
GT: start how did the ship named val0 finish its service ? end 
PD: start what is the average number of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the average tonnage of the ship named val0 ? end 
PD: start how many states was the area val0 kilometers squared ? end 
GT: start what is the area in square kilometers of val0 ? end 
PD: start what week had an attendance of val0 ? end 
GT: start for what week was the attendance val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent for week val0 ? end 
GT: start the val0 were played against what week ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance on val0 ? end 
GT: start on val0 how many people attended the game ? end 
PD: start what is the percentage opposing candidate when the candidate was val0 , and the votes was val1 ? end 
GT: start which tom ridge * has a pat toomey of val0 , and a poll source of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 on val1 with a val1 result ? end 
GT: start which poll source has a peg luksik of val0 , and dates administered of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the candidate when the candidate was val0 ? end 
GT: start which poll source has pat toomey of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the szdsz percentage with a val0 of val0 and a queens of val1 ? end 
GT: start which dates administered has an arlen specter * of val0 , and a peg luksik of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the percentage of others when the party is val0 and the may is val1 ? end 
GT: start which tom ridge * has a poll source of val0 , and an arlen specter * of val1 ? end 
Batch 135 | Validation Loss 4.442670
PD: start what is the d 50 when the d 47 is val0 and the d 47 is val1 ? end 
GT: start which poll source has an arlen specter * of val0 , and a tom ridge * of val1 ? end 
PD: start how many silvers did val0 have ? end 
GT: start how many total silvers does val0 have ? end 
PD: start what is the average bronze when the nation is val0 and the bronze is more than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the average number of bronze medals of the valval1 , which has more than val1 gold ? end 
PD: start what is the average bronze when silver is val0 and bronze is more than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the average number of bronze of the nation with more than val0 gold and val0 silver medal ? end 
PD: start what is the average rank for val0 with under val1 golds ? end 
GT: start what is the average total medals of the nation ranked val0 with less than val0 silver ? end 
PD: start what is the least amount of silver when gold is less than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest number of gold medals the nation with less than val0 silver medals has ? end 
PD: start what was the date of the val0 game ? end 
GT: start what was the location / attendance on val0 ? end 
PD: start who had the high rebounds on val0 ? end 
GT: start what were the high rebounds on val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent on val0 ? end 
GT: start when did val0 play ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance at the game that had a high rebounds of val0 ? end 
GT: start which location / attendance has high rebounds of val0 ? end 
PD: start who had the high assists when the team was val0 and the high assists was val1 ? end 
GT: start what team has val0 as the high assists , val1 as the high rebounds ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game when the high rebounds was val0 ? end 
GT: start what score has val0 as the high rebounds ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest overall with a val0 position and a round bigger than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest round for an overall pick of val0 with a pick number in the round over val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the val0 round val1 ? end 
GT: start where was the fight located that lasted val0 round against val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the date of game val0 ? end 
GT: start which date was game val0 on ? end 
PD: start what was the record during game val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the record after game val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent in the final with a score of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the score of the tournament with val0 as the opponent in the final ? end 
PD: start what was the final on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the date of the tournament with val0 as the opponent in the final ? end 
PD: start what was the surface of the tournament with a val0 outcome ? end 
GT: start what is the surface of the tournament with val0 as the opponent in the final ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the bowler who played val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the result for the team with val0 draws ? end 
PD: start what is the year of the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many draws were there in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the result for the val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start what were the matches where the teams finished in the val0 , in val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the original title of the val0 ceremony ? end 
GT: start what year was val0 nominated ? end 
PD: start what is the original title of the val0 film ? end 
GT: start what is val0 's film title that was used in its nomination ? end 
PD: start what is the result for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was val0 's result after being considered for nomination ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of yds / att when the player with val0 than val0 in a long ? end 
GT: start how many losses did val0 have with the longest gain higher than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average number of cuts made that have more than val0 events ? end 
GT: start what is the average top-5 when the cuts made is more than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the top-25 for val0 when there are less than val1 wins ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of wins when events is val0 and top-5 is less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest top-5 , when events is greater than val0 , when cuts made is greater than val1 , and when events is greater than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest events when the cuts made is less than val0 , the top-2valval2 is less than valval2 and the top - val20 is more than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the average top-25 , when events is greater than val0 , and when cuts is greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the average top-10 when the cuts made is less than val0 and the events is more than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the 2007 value with val0 in 2009 ? end 
GT: start what is the 2008 for 2009 val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 2003 statistic for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the 2007 with val0 in 2003 ? end 
Batch 136 | Validation Loss 4.542739
PD: start what is the 2007 value for val0 ? end 
GT: start what year is the 2007 val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 2004 year for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what year is the 2004 val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 2003 statistic for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the 2007 for the 2003 val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 2007 value with val0 in 2009 ? end 
GT: start what is the 2008 for the 2009 val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the compression ratio whre for the vertical energy that has a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the j p c that commonly decays ( > 5 % of decays ) val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the fixed when the power / s is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the antiparticle symbol with a rest mess ( mev / c2 ) of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the surface on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the surface in val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the outcome of the match with a score of val0 and a score of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the outcome on a val0 surface , when the score in the final was val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the scottish cup years for the player with val0 league cups ? end 
GT: start what is the total championships that the league cup is less than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the division for the val0 , who left after val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the total championships of val1 that has a league cup more than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the league cup with a total larger than val0 , a championship of val1 , and a total larger than val1val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the championship of val2 that has a total of valval1 and a league cup more than val1 ? end 
PD: start what season had val0 position , val1 poles , and val2 season ? end 
GT: start in which season did he have val0 poles and val2 position in the val1 ? end 
PD: start what season had val0 win and val1 position ? end 
GT: start what was his position in val1 with val0 win ? end 
PD: start what is the podiums when the races is val0 ? end 
GT: start how many races did he do in the year he had val0 points ? end 
PD: start what is the podiums when the podiums is val0 , the races is val1 and the races is val1 ? end 
GT: start what were the points in the year when his wins were valval1 , his podiums were valval1 , and he drove in val2 races ? end 
PD: start what is the podiums when the points is val0 ? end 
GT: start what were the points in the year when his podiums were val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total of the val0 , which has val1 points ? end 
GT: start what was the f / laps when the wins were val0 and the position was val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the result on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the result on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the result on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the result on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score of the game with a record of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the record on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the record of the game on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the record on val1 with a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the date of the game with a val0 and record of val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the record on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the record on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total for val0 ? end 
GT: start what player has a total of val0 points ? end 
PD: start what is the total for val0 with a total of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the year that val1 won with val0 points ? end 
PD: start what is the 2007 value with val0 in 2011 ? end 
GT: start which year has a 2011 of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 2012 value with a val0 in 200r ? end 
GT: start which tournament has a 2013 of val0 , and a 2012 of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 2007 value with val0 in 2009 ? end 
GT: start which year has a 2003 of val0 ? end 
PD: start what week had an attendance of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the week with an attendance of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the game against the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the result when the opponent was val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent in week val0 with a time of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the tv time woth a week bigger than val0 , with the val1 as opponent ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the game at val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the tv time for val0 ? end 
Batch 137 | Validation Loss 5.112322
PD: start what is the date of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the date for the match where tweedie - yates ' partner was val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the partner in the val0 ? end 
GT: start who were the opponents during the final when val0 was partner ? end 
PD: start what is the country of the player from val0 with a total less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is country , when total is less than val0 , and when year(s ) won is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of to par , when year(s ) is " val0 " ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of total , when to par is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is player , when total is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the former val0 ? end 
GT: start what is player , when year(s ) won is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the rifle when the media is val0 ? end 
GT: start which oil pattern has a winner ( title # ) of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which score has an event of val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the winner in the event where val0 was the runner - up ? end 
GT: start name the event which has a winner ( title # ) of val0 ? end 
PD: start who won the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the date when has   val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the event which has a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 event with a val1 of ￥val1 ? end 
GT: start name the date which has a oil pattern of val0 , and a event of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the gold when the nation is val0 and the rank is more than val1 ? end 
GT: start which rank has a nation of valval1 , and a silver larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest rank of bronze medals for the nation with val0 gold and more than val1 bronze ? end 
GT: start which bronze has a rank of valval1 , and a silver larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the method of resolution for val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the opponent when there was a val0 method ? end 
PD: start what is the highest round of the val0 with a time of val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the round that val1 had a time of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average round for the val0 method ? end 
GT: start what round was it when the method was val0 ? end 
PD: start what record has a december smaller than val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the record after the game before jan val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the season finale for the val0 season , which had more than val1 draws ? end 
GT: start which tv season has a season larger than val0 , and a ranking of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the nielsen share for val0 when the share is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start which tv season has a season smaller than val0 , and a household ( in millions ) of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the nielsen density for the season finale on val0 ? end 
GT: start which tv season has households ( in millions ) of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of population in the place that has an area ( km² ) smaller than val0 , and a population maroochy smaller than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of area listed for val1 with a population less than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest area ( territorial waters with a population less than val0 , a val1 genre , a less than val2 communes , and less than val3 communes ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest code number for the val3 that has an area bigger than val2 squared kilometers , a population greater than val0 and a language of val1 spoken ? end 
PD: start what is the total population of the dvd with a population of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total code number for places with a population greater than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest area for the val0 area with a census ranking of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest area for val1 that speaks val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the place that has a population greater than val0 , a hk viewers of val1 , a population greater than val1 , and a population greater than val3 ? end 
GT: start what is the place that speaks val3 , has a population less than val0 , an area smaller than val1 squared kilometers , and a code larger than val2 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game on val0 ? end 
GT: start which score has a location of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the location of game val0 ? end 
GT: start where was game val0 held ? end 
PD: start what was the record on val0 ? end 
GT: start when was the score val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game against the val0 ? end 
GT: start which opponent has a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the opponent when the cavaliers had a record of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
GT: start on what date was the score val0 ? end 
Batch 138 | Validation Loss 5.140927
PD: start wval0o was tval0e opponents wval0en tval0e / a / n was val0 , and a score of wolverhval0mpton ? end 
GT: start wval0at is tval0e opponent of tval0e game witval0 a val0 / a / n of val0 and score of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the game against the val0 on val1 ? end 
GT: start on what date was the score val1 against the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the h / a / n of val0 , and a score of val1 ? end 
GT: start on whval0 t dval0te wval0s the score val1 val0nd the h / val0 / n val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the for val0 ? end 
GT: start which selection has a college of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest round , when player is " val0 " , and when round is greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start which selection has a player of val0 , and a round larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of val0 ? end 
GT: start which position has a player of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the player with a round larger than val0 and a position of val1 ? end 
GT: start which position has a round larger than val0 , and a selection of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest number of seats in hamburgische bürgerschaft that has val0 ? end 
GT: start what is val0 highest number of seats ? end 
PD: start what is the party of the val0 party ? end 
GT: start which party does val0 lead ? end 
PD: start what is the position of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is val0 's position ? end 
PD: start what player is from round val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the player in round val0 ? end 
PD: start who had the high rebounds when the game was played at val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest rebounds for game val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the winner of the val0 tournament with a best winner of val1 ? end 
GT: start who was the winner of the val1 tournament where val0 was a finalist ? end 
PD: start what tournament has val0 as the tournament , with val1 as the tournament ? end 
GT: start who was the finalist of the val0 surface tournament in val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the semifinalists in the tournament of val0 ? end 
GT: start who were the semifinalists in the val0 tournament ? end 
PD: start what is the model of the val0 model with a val1 model ? end 
GT: start what is the resolution of the camera that has val0 pixels and a model of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the model of the val0 model with a val1 construction and a vendor of val1 ? end 
GT: start which model has a sensor sized val0 , pixels of val1 , and a val2 resolution ? end 
PD: start what is the model of the val0 model ? end 
GT: start what are the active pixels of the val0 model ? end 
PD: start what is the model of the val0 model ? end 
GT: start what are the active pixels of the val0 model camera ? end 
PD: start what is the average rank for the val0 with a forbes less than val1 ? end 
GT: start which rank has a third of val0 , and winners smaller than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of runners - up , when runners - up is less than val0 , and when winner is " val1 " ? end 
GT: start how many winners have a third of valval1 , and runners - up smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average runners - up , when team is val0 , when semi finalists is val1 , and when club is val2 ? end 
GT: start which third has runners - up of valval1 , and winners of valval1 , and a club of val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest rank for the val0 with esiliiga over val0 and a vuelta place of val1 ? end 
GT: start which winners is the highest one that has a rank larger than val0 , and a third smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the record when the opponent was val0 , and the record was val1 ? end 
GT: start which leading scorer has an opponent of val0 , and a record of val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game against the val0 with a record of val1 ? end 
GT: start which score has an opponent of val0 , and a record of val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the lowest attendance on val0 ? end 
GT: start which attendance has a date of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the game number when the game was played at val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the venue of game val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest game number for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest game number on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the game on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the result on val0 ? end 
PD: start how many games were numbered val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total game number with val0 as the opponent ? end 
PD: start what is the result of the game after game val0 with a result of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the result of the game with a game number greater than val1 and an val0 venue ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest week for the val0 with an attendance greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest value for week , when the attendance is greater than val0 , and when the opponent is val1 ? end 
Batch 139 | Validation Loss 4.910142
PD: start what is the nature of the incident on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the end date when val0 was the minister ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 party on val1 ? end 
GT: start who was the minister for the val0 party with a val1 end date ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the points when the attendance is val0 and the april is more than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of the points of the game with val0 as the visitor and an attendance greater than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of points when the home is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest amount of points of the game with val0 as the home team ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of laps for val0 ? end 
GT: start how many laps did val0 ride ? end 
PD: start what is the grid for val0 ? end 
GT: start how many laps were in grid val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the manufacturer for the grid of val0 ? end 
GT: start who manufactured grid val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest grid with more than val0 laps and a time / retired of val1 ? end 
GT: start which grid has laps larger than val0 , and a time / retired of val1 ? end 
PD: start who is the mountain classification for the val0 horse ? end 
GT: start which horse finished in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the trainer with a val0 of val0 , and a trainer of val1 ? end 
GT: start who is the jockey that has val0 as trainer and odds of val1 ? end 
PD: start who is the mountain classification for the val0 horse ? end 
GT: start what are the odds for the horse called val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the trainer with a time of val0 ? end 
GT: start what are the odds for trainer val0 ? end 
PD: start what horse is val0 and had a val1 of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the finished place for val1 trained by val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the mountain classification for the val0 horse ? end 
GT: start who is the jockey for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the time / retired for val0 with over val1 laps ? end 
GT: start which manufacturer has a time of val0 and a grid greater than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the verb meaning for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the verb for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the verb meaning for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the verb for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the verb meaning for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the 2nd verb for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the strongs # 1 when the is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the 2(vf ) for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the verb meaning for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the 2nd verb for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the strongs # 1 when the is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the 3rd for the 2nd val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the series when the season is val0 , the second is val1 , and the season is val2 ? end 
GT: start which lead has a third of val0 , a second of val1 , and a season of val2 ? end 
PD: start who is the lead for the season where val0 was the second ? end 
GT: start which season has a third of val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the gagarin kennel club for the season where val0 is the second ? end 
GT: start which second has a lead of val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the third place when the second is val0 ? end 
GT: start which third has a second of val0 ? end 
PD: start who danced the val0 staged when the second was val1 ? end 
GT: start which second has a third of val0 , and a lead of val1 ? end 
PD: start what regular season has a seed of val0 ? end 
GT: start which skip has a season of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the szdsz percentage with a val0 of val0 and a val1 of val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the date of the poll with a sample size of val1 where republican val0 was chosen ? end 
PD: start what is the average lead maragin with a val0 voting and a val1 margin of error of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the sample size of the poll taken on val2 that had a margin of error of more than val1 and resulted with republican val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the d 47 with a d : democratic val0 and a d less than val1 ? end 
GT: start which democrat was selected in the poll with a sample size smaller than val0 where the republican chosen was val1 ? end 
PD: start who is the wednesday presenter of the val0 ? end 
GT: start when was the show val0 returning ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest number of episodes in the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the earliest aired show that 's returning on val0 ? end 
Batch 140 | Validation Loss 5.047643
PD: start what was the score of the game against the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the opponent of the game with a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game on val1 with val0 as the opponent ? end 
GT: start what is the score of the game val0 on val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the record on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the record of the game on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the record of the game with a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest number of goals for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest league cup goals , when scorer is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average total goals for val0 , in the val1 club , and the goals for is val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the average total , when fa cup goals is val0 , when league goals is val00 , and when club is val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the total of goals for val0 , and a club of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of total , when club is val0 , and when league goals is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total of goals for val0 , and the matches are val1 ? end 
GT: start what is fa cup goals , when euro competitions is val0 , and when league goals is val0val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the runner - up for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what tournament had finalist val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the notes for week val0 ? end 
GT: start what week was the finalist val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the result of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the surface for finalist val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the winner in the val0 tournament ? end 
GT: start who was the winner in the val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the winner of the val0 race ? end 
GT: start which race did val1 win in val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the winner on val0 with val1 ? end 
GT: start what date did val0 win val1 ? end 
PD: start who won the val0 ? end 
GT: start who won on val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the winner in the race after val0 with val1 as the winner ? end 
GT: start val1 who which race after val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average rank for val0 with more than val1 bronze ? end 
GT: start what is the total medals for the nation ranking val0 with more than val1 bronze ? end 
PD: start how many games were run in the game game ? end 
GT: start how many games have an attendance of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of atteval0daval0ce ) , when score is val0 ? end 
GT: start how many games had a time of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the match that had a time of val0 ? end 
GT: start which score has a time of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 vs. game that resulted in a val0 ? end 
GT: start which result has a captain 1 of val0 , and a date of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the team 1 for val0 ? end 
GT: start which team 2 has a captain 1 of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the bowler who played val0 ? end 
GT: start which captain 2 has a result of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the bowler who played val0 ? end 
GT: start which result has a captain 2 of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the bowler who played val0 ? end 
GT: start which captain 2 has a result of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the , when year is " val0 " ? end 
GT: start what is the kosal with a val0 sitalsasthi carnival ? end 
PD: start what is the telugu name తెలుగు val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the kosal with val0 as the sambalpuri cinema ? end 
PD: start what is the service charge for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the sambalpuri saree with a val0 as sambalpuri language ? end 
PD: start what is the , when year is " val0 " ? end 
GT: start what is the sitalsasthi carnival with val0 as kosal ? end 
PD: start what is the record for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the sitalsasthi carnival with val0 as sambalpuri saree ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the attendance for the record val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the attendance when their record stood at val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the result of the game on val1 with a val0 result ? end 
GT: start on what date was the venue val0 and the result was val1 ? end 
Batch 141 | Validation Loss 5.117221
PD: start what was the result of the game on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the result on the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the game against the val0 on val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the date when the opponent was val0 and the venue was val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the match report for the val0 at val1 ? end 
GT: start who was the man of the match when the opponent was val0 and the venue was val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the competition on val0 ? end 
GT: start what competition was held on the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the attendance of the match on val1 with val0 as the man ? end 
GT: start what was the date when the attendance was val0 and the man of the match was val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what edition had a result of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the venue when the venue is val0 , and the date is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the date of val0 in the val1 season ? end 
PD: start what is the total population in val0 with a population population of val1 ? end 
GT: start when the communities name is val0 and the area is over val1 kilometers squared , what 's the total population amount ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest population of the val0 ? end 
GT: start when the status is val0 what 's the lowest area in kilometers squared ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of gold when gold is less than val0 ? end 
GT: start how many total golds do teams have when the total medals is less than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the semifinalists when the runner - up is val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the semifinalist for the val0 tournament ? end 
PD: start december larger than val0 , and a opponent of val1 , and a score of val2 involved which date ? end 
GT: start what is the score of the game before val0 held after february val1 against the val2 . end 
PD: start what is the score of the game after game val0 on val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the score of the game val1 after february val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest laps for val0 with a grid under val1 ? end 
GT: start who had the lowest laps on a grid smaller than val0 with a time of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the manufacturer when the laps is val0 and the time is val1 ? end 
GT: start what laps did val0 do with a time of val1 ? end 
PD: start what manufacturer has less than val0 laps and a grid of val1 ? end 
GT: start what grid is val0 with fewer than val1 laps ? end 
PD: start what is the highest laps for rider val0 , and a time of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is val0 's highest grid with a time of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the to par for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the to par of player val0 ? end 
PD: start what is score , when player is " val0 " ? end 
GT: start what is the score of player val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of player val1 , who has a place of val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the player with a val0 place and a val1 score ? end 
PD: start what is score , when player is " val0 " ? end 
GT: start what is the score of player val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the place of the player with a score of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the place of the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the april 14 result for the val0 with a 2006/ of val0 , and a efficiency of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is 2006/07 , when 2008/09 is val0 , and when 2010/11 is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the acc for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is 2008/09 , when 2010/11 is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the april 14 result for the val0 with a 2006/ of val0 , a 2006/ 09 of val1 , and a 2006/ 09 of val2 ? end 
GT: start what is 2006/07 , when 2008/09 is val0 , when 2012/13 is val0 , and when 2011/12 is val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the value for the other value of other when value is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is 2010 - 11 , when 2006/07 is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the april 14 result for the val0 with a 2006/ of val0 , and a efficiency of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is 2006/07 , when 2008/09 is val0 , and when 2010/11 is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the april 14 when the group that has a val0 of val0 , and a 2010/11 of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is 2006/07 , when 2011/12 is val0 , and when 2010/11 is val0 ? end 
PD: start who had the high rebounds when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start what is record , when high rebounds is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what was the location and attendance on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is date , when location attendance is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the average game number on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the average game , when date is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game against val0 ? end 
GT: start what is score , when team is " val0 " ? end 
Batch 142 | Validation Loss 5.029078
PD: start what is the average stage for val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the post position when the lengths behind is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the intermediate sprints classification when the stage is val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the lengths behind of jockey val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the rider when the big is val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the jockey that had post time odds of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the trofeo fast team val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the owner of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the intermediate sprints classification when the stage is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the lengths behind of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of losses for the player with val0 starts ? end 
GT: start how many wins for average start less than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average starts when the points is more than val0 , the engine is val1 and the foreign is more than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the average top 10 score for val0 starts , winnings of val1 and an average finish more than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the top 5 with a top 10 larger than val0 ? end 
GT: start how many starts for an average finish greater than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 1989 result for the val0 with a 1990 of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the 1987 results when the results oval1 1989 is val0 , and the 1986 results is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the 1976 , when the tournament is val0 ? end 
GT: start in 1983 what is the tournament that is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the career sr of the val0 tournament with a val1 of val1 ? end 
GT: start whval1 t tournval1ment hval1s vval1l0 val1s cval1reer sr val1nd val1 val1s 1983 ? end 
PD: start what is the career sr of the val0 with a career winnings of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the result in 1985 when the career win - loss is val0 , and val1 as the career sr ? end 
PD: start what is the career sr of the val0 that has a 1987 of val0 ? end 
GT: start with a 1986 of val1 and a career sr of val0 what is the results in 1985 ? end 
PD: start what is the average overall , when round is less than val0 , and when round is val1 ? end 
GT: start which overall has a name of val0 , and a round smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average oveall ) , when college is " val0 " ? end 
GT: start what is val0 's average overall ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from val0 with a overall less than 1val02 and a val2 position ? end 
GT: start which pick has a round smaller than val0 , and an overall smaller than val1 , and a name of val2 ? end 
PD: start how many positions were there for the val0 ? end 
GT: start how much overall has a name of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average 1st leg score for the match where val0 is team 1 ? end 
GT: start what is the mean team 1 when the 1st leg is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lost for the val0 team that has a lost of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the points number when valval1 shows for played , and lost is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the try bonus for the team with val0 points ? end 
GT: start what is the points when the try bonus is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the club that lost val0 games and lost val1 ? end 
GT: start what club has a played number of val0 , and the lost of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the tries against for the team that scored val0 tries against ? end 
GT: start what is the tries for when val0 was the tries against ? end 
PD: start what is the lost for the val0 team that has val1 points and a try bonus of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the lost when the try bonus is val0 , and points against is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the points for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the tries against when the points are val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the team with a val0 points ? end 
GT: start which team has val0 points ? end 
PD: start what is the average points for the driver val0 ? end 
GT: start how many points does driver val0 have ? end 
PD: start what is the grid when the driver is val0 ? end 
GT: start what grid has val0 points ? end 
PD: start what is the laops when the laps is val0 ? end 
GT: start how many laps does driver val0 have ? end 
PD: start what was the method of resolution when mikhail ilyukhin 's record was val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the record when the method of resolution was val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the record for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the record during the event , val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent at the game that had a record of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the record when the fight was against val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the time of the match against the val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the opponent when the fight had a time of val0 ? end 
Batch 143 | Validation Loss 5.273938
PD: start what was the time when the opponent was val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the opponent when the fight had a time of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the method of resolution for the fight against val0 with a val1 result ? end 
GT: start what was the resolution for the fight against val1 by val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the match that had a result of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the score of the match with a val0 result ? end 
PD: start what is the school / club team of the val0 player who played for the years val1 ? end 
GT: start who wears the jersey number val1 and has the position of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the nationality of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what nationality is the player from val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what position does the player with jersey number val0 play ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest avg / g with a val0 less than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest loss , when long is less than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average loss for val0 when the gain is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the average loss , when avg / g is valval1 , and when long is less than valval1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest avg / g with a val0 larger than val0 , a total of val1 , and a loss larger than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest loss , when long is greater than val0 , when gain is greater than val1 , and when avg / g is greater than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest avg / g with a val0 less than val0 , and a name of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest long , when name is val0 , and when avg / g is less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the player from val0 with a total less than val1 , and a total of val2 ? end 
GT: start who is the player from the val0 with a total less than val1 and won in val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the average total , when player is " val0 " , and when year(s ) is " val1 " ? end 
GT: start what is the average total of player val1 , who had a val0 finish ? end 
PD: start what is the , when year(s ) won is " val0 " ? end 
GT: start who is the player who won in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the , when year(s ) won is " val0 " , and when year(s ) won is " 19val02 " ? end 
GT: start what year did player val1 , who had a val0 finish , win ? end 
PD: start what is the least amount of the shot with val0 bush ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest lead margin when republican : mitch daniels was polling at val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the result of the track composed val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the result for a val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the country of the player from val0 with a val1 ? end 
GT: start which player from the val0 won in val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest to par , when player is " val0 " , and when total is greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start what was val0 's highest total when his to par was over val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the val0 final result ? end 
GT: start what is trial start date , when candidate name is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the protein name when the american president is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is candidate name , when target / approach is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the age of contestants who was married on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is trial phase , when expected end date is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the power ( mib ) when the val0 is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is expected end date , when target / approach is val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the val0 final result ? end 
GT: start what is trial start date , when candidate name is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the incident number of the incident with a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is expected end date , when trial start date is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the manufacturer for the val0 ? end 
GT: start which rider had a time / retired od val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the grid for val0 , manufacturer val1 , and a time of val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the time / retired for the rider with the manufacturuer valval2 , grod of val2 and val0 total laps ? end 
PD: start who is the manufacturer of the car that val1 laps in val0 ? end 
GT: start how many laps did val1 have when riding a vehicle manufactured by val0 ? end 
PD: start what manufacturer has val0 as the rider ? end 
GT: start wwhich rder had a vehicle manufactured by val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the grid for val0 , and rider val1 ? end 
GT: start when rider val1 had val0 laps , what was the grid ? end 
PD: start what is the manufacturer for the val0 with val0 laps ? end 
GT: start what was the amount of laps for the vehicle manufactured by val0 with a grid of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest grid with more than val0 laps and a time / retired of val1 ? end 
GT: start which laps have a time / retired of val0 , and a grid larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what manufacturer has val0 as the manufacturer ? end 
GT: start which manufacturer has a time / retired of val0 ? end 
Batch 144 | Validation Loss 5.530318
PD: start what is the lowest lab , when manufacturer is val0 , when manufacturer is val1 , and when laps is val2 ? end 
GT: start which grid has laps of val0 , and a manufacturer of val1 , and a time / retired of val2 ? end 
PD: start what poles have val0 points ? end 
GT: start what is the number of poles with val0 points ? end 
PD: start what is the report for the val0 horse val1 , which had val1 points ? end 
GT: start what is the number of podiums with valval1 wins , valval1 f.l . and val2 points ? end 
PD: start what is the pole position for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the number of poles with val0 races ? end 
PD: start what is the series when the races is val0 , the races is val1 , and the races is val2 ? end 
GT: start what races have valval1 , val1 f.l . and a val2 position ? end 
PD: start who had the podiums and val1 won the podiums ? end 
GT: start what is the number of podiums with val0 wins and val1 points ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the nation with val0 wins , val1 points , and val3 poles ? end 
GT: start what is the number of wins with a valval1 f.l . , valval1 poles , a position of val2 , and val3 points ? end 
PD: start how many picks did val0 have ? end 
GT: start which pick came from val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the pick that has val0 as the college ? end 
GT: start which pick came from val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the result for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the opening with a worldwide number of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the singapore gross with a val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the budget when the worldwide box office is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the singapore gross with a val0 title ? end 
GT: start what is the budget for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the singapore regional force for the val0 film ? end 
GT: start what is the worldwide box office for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the driver for the val0 , with less than val1 points , and val2 governing body ? end 
GT: start which driver for val1 has fewer than val0 points and placed val2 in race 1 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the race that val0 is the team ? end 
GT: start which team received val0 in race 1 ? end 
PD: start what is the driver for val0 with less than val1 points ? end 
GT: start which driver for val1 has fewer than val0 points ? end 
PD: start what is the cross - tahir of the val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the president representing the val0 department ? end 
PD: start what is the no party preference for the val0 party , and a val1 of val1 ? end 
GT: start what number corresponds to presidet val1 of the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the candidate froval0 where the val0 polling firm was val0 ? end 
GT: start which department has val1 as president since val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the candidate that has a val0 party and val1 ? end 
GT: start who is the president from the val0 party that represents the val1 department ? end 
PD: start what is the highest capacity for val0 , and a capacity of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest capacity for the venue , val1 , located in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest capacity for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest capacity for the venue of the club , val0 ? end 
PD: start how many clubs are named val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of capacity for the venue of the club , val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of viewers for the rating more than val0 million viewers and more than val1 share ? end 
GT: start what is the rating that had a share smaller than val0 , and 2.val07 million viewers ? end 
PD: start what is the highest number of viewers for the episode with more than val0mil viewers ? end 
GT: start what is the number of viewers with episode larger than val0 , rating smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest number of episodes that had val0 viewers and more than val1 episodes ? end 
GT: start what is the highest viewers with an episode less than val0 and share lager than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the game after february val0 with a game number of val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the score of the game after game val0 on october val1 ? end 
PD: start which opponent has a record of val0 , and a game smaller than val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the record for the game before game val0 against the val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from val0 with a 4th largest of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is position/ eliminated , when age¹ is less than val0 , and when full name is " val1 " ? end 
PD: start who was the wrestler when the score was larger than val0 with a best of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is occupation² , when age¹ is greater than val0 , when alias is " val1 " ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 from val1 ? end 
GT: start what is position/ eliminated , when from is " val0 " , and when specialty is " val1 " ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the rollercoaster where val0 is the storyteller and the is the reporters ? end 
GT: start what is full name , when age¹ is " val0 " , and when occupation² is " val1 " ? end 
Batch 145 | Validation Loss 4.213058
PD: start what was the score of the game against the val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the opponent when the score is val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the date of the game at val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the date if the site is val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the match that had a time of val0 ? end 
GT: start which score has a time of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game at val0 ? end 
GT: start which site has a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game against the val0 with a score of val1 ? end 
GT: start who was the opponent at val0 with a score of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the position # 1 of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the team # 1 with an val0 position ? end 
PD: start what is the 1st leg score for the val0 season ? end 
GT: start what is the 1st leg of val0 team # 2 ? end 
PD: start what was the 1st leg score for the match with a val0 aggregate ? end 
GT: start what is the 1st leg with a val0 agg . ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the player with a val0 2nd g ? end 
GT: start what position has a val0 agg . ? end 
PD: start what is the 2nd leg of the match with a val0 2nd leg ? end 
GT: start what is the 2nd leg of the val0 agg . ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 club ? end 
GT: start which sport had the club of the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the venue for the val0 ? end 
GT: start which venue held a val0 team ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from val0 in val1 in val2 ? end 
GT: start which sport was held in val0 at the val1 as part of the val2 ? end 
PD: start what venue has val0 as the league ? end 
GT: start which venue hosted the val0 ? end 
PD: start what venue has val0 as the club ? end 
GT: start which venue hosted the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name club for the city of val0 ? end 
GT: start which city has a club called the val0 ? end 
PD: start what type of val0 end 
GT: start which type has a title of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the label in val0 format in val1 ? end 
GT: start name the year which has a label of val0 and a type of val1 ? question 2 end 
PD: start what is the type for the val1 after val0 ? end 
GT: start which title has a type of val0 and a year larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the type for the val1 after val0 ? end 
GT: start which title has a type of val0 and a year larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the type of the val0 val1 ? end 
GT: start which title has a type of val0 in val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the date of the game with an attendance of val0 fans ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent before week val0 when the record was val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the record the the match against val0 before week val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the status of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the status when the artist is val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the theme when the week was val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the theme for the val0 week ? end 
PD: start what is the result for the val0 , and val1 ? end 
GT: start what week did the contestant finish in the val0 with a val1 song ? end 
PD: start what is the artist for the song val0 ? end 
GT: start what order was the performance of a val0 song ? end 
PD: start what is the theme when the printing process is val0 ? end 
GT: start what artist 's song was performed in the week with theme of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the type of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is headquarter , when type is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the status of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is status , when newspaper / magazine is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the spanish word for the val0 " ? end 
GT: start what is headquarter , when newspaper / magazine is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the type of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is type , when newspaper / magazine is val0 ? end 
Batch 146 | Validation Loss 5.420590
PD: start what is the package / option for the val0 language , and the language is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is headquarter , when language is val0 , and when type is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the type of the val0 val1 ? end 
GT: start what is headquarter , when type is val0 , and when newspaper / magazine is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total population in val0 with an area squared of val1 ? end 
GT: start for val0 parish , if it has an area of over val1 kilometers how many people live there ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the match with a score of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the box score during a game that had a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the report for the match held at val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the report at val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team at val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the home team at val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the away team for the match on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the date that featured a game against val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the box score for the match with val0 as the home team ? end 
GT: start what was the box score during a home game of the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of overall when the position is less than val0 , the position is val1 , and the round is less than val2 ? end 
GT: start how many picks have an overall smaller than val0 , and a position of val1 , and a round smaller than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest pick number for val0 with a overall pick bigger than val1 ? end 
GT: start which overall is the highest one that has a name of val0 , and a pick larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of overall , when college is " val0 " , and when pick is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start how many picks have a college of val0 , and an overall smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest pick number for val0 with a pick less than val1 ? end 
GT: start which round is the highest one that has a pick smaller than val0 , and a name of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the capacity for the val0 ? end 
GT: start which ofsted has a capacity of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest capacity for val0 , and a capacity larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start which ofsted has a school of val0 , and a capacity larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the name when the school is val0 , the year is less than val1 , and the name is val2 ? end 
GT: start which school has ages of val0 , and an ofsted smaller than val1 , and a capacity of val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest capacity for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is val0 's capacity ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the school with a capacity of val0 , a stadium capacity larger than val1 , and a stadium named val2 ? end 
GT: start which school has a capacity larger than val0 , and an ofsted smaller than val1 , and a locality of val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest game number for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest game , when date is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the team for game val0 ? end 
GT: start what is team , when game is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the team for game val0 ? end 
GT: start what is team , when game is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the type of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what location has val0 as the type ? end 
PD: start what is the average quantity of the val0 type val1 ? end 
GT: start what average wheels has val0 as the type , with val1 as the location ? end 
PD: start what is the dimensions of the val0 , when the is val1 , and the year withdrawn is more than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the configuration for the country val0 , with val1 as the type , and wheels greater than val2 ? end 
PD: start which player is pick val1 with a pick number less than val0 ? end 
GT: start which nfl team has a pick # less than val0 for val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the college of the val0 player from val1 ? end 
GT: start which player was a val0 from val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the pick number for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the pick # from val0 college ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start which college has a val0 position ? end 
PD: start which br has imperfect form of val0 ? end 
GT: start can you tell me the home or the away that has the shirt number larger than val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game on val1 with a val0 result ? end 
GT: start can you tell me the score that has the result of val0 , and the date of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest sack that has val0 as the date , and a date greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start can you tell me the lowest cap number that has the date of val0 , and the shirt number larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average lost when the position is val0 and the goals against is more than val1 ? end 
GT: start which points have a position larger than val0 , and a lost smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the lost for the club with val0 draw and less than val1 played ? end 
GT: start how much drawn has a lost of val0 , and played smaller than val1 ? end 
Batch 147 | Validation Loss 5.146600
PD: start what is the highest played with less than val0 points , less than val1 draws , and less than val2 played ? end 
GT: start which points is the highest one that has a drawn smaller than val0 , and a name of val1 , and played smaller than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest lost , when lost is " val0 " , and when lost is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start which lost is the lowest one that has a name of val0 , and played smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest share for val0 , and a rating larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest numbered episode that had a rating / share of val0 and more than val1 million viewers ? end 
PD: start what is the average share for val0 , and a weekly rank of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the average number of million viewers that watched an episode before episode val0 with a share of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the rating for the episode that had val0 million viewers ? end 
GT: start what is the rating / share for episode val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest share for val0 , and a rating smaller than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest number of million viewers for an episode before episode val1 with a rating / share of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the player from val0 with a val1 of val1 ? end 
GT: start how many years of nba experience does the player who plays position val0 for the val1 ? end 
PD: start what player has a val0 from val1 , and val2 as the player ? end 
GT: start who is the player from the val0 with the previous team val1 and a career with the franchase in val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the player with val0 years of nba experience ? end 
PD: start what is the total of the playoffs , when the playoffs is greater than val0 , and when the season is val1 ? end 
GT: start how may times is regular season val0 and playoffs more than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the year when the playoffs is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the years when playoffs is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the val0 competition ? end 
GT: start what competition had a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game played at val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score in val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the game played at val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the venue of the competition with a result of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game with a result of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the result of the competition at val1 with a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the game played at val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the venue of the competition with a result of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the result of the val0 competition , which resulted in a val1 ? end 
GT: start what competition in val1 have a result of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of atteval0daval0ce / g when the gain is val0 and the gain is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start which avg / g has a long of val0 , and a loss smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of atteval0daval0ce / g when the c / so is val0 ? end 
GT: start which avg / g has a gain of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of atteval0daval0ce / g when the gain is less than val0 and the gain is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start which avg / g has a name of val0 , and a loss smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of yds / att - cmp - int of val0 , which has less than val1 yards ? end 
GT: start how much gain has a long of val0 , and an avg / g smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest number of solo for the player with more than val0 games and more than val1 p ? end 
GT: start which long is the highest one that has a loss larger than val0 , and a gain larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average round of val0 from val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the average round of the val1 position player from the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the college / junior / club team ( league ) when the pick is less than val0 , and when player is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the college / junior team of player val1 , who has a pick less than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from pba team val1 with a pick less than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the nationality of player val1 , who has a pick less than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the pick that has val0 as the position ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of the pick of the val0 position player ? end 
PD: start what was week val0 's record ? end 
GT: start what is the record in week val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the result on val0 ? end 
GT: start when has a result of val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent on val0 ? end 
GT: start when has a opponent of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 2008 value for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the 2009 ranking for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of revenue for the val0 industry and more than val1 in 2009 ? end 
GT: start what is the rank listed for the attendance of 2010 of val0 and 2011 larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the 2009 value with a val0 in 200r , and a 2011 value greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start in the val1 the 2011 attendance at this amusement park corporation was larger than val0 but lists what as its 2008 attendance ? end 
Batch 148 | Validation Loss 5.269107
PD: start what is the lowest amount of games for val0 with under val1 rebounds ? end 
GT: start what rank is val1 that has less than val0 rebounds ? end 
PD: start whaval1 college the val1he val1he val1he val1he val1he val1he val1he ? end 
GT: start which cval1lege has a pick # larger than val0 , and a position of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest pick number for val0 ? end 
GT: start which pick # has a college of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player with a pick number larger than val0 ? end 
GT: start which cfl team has a pick # larger than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest pick number for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is val0 's pick # ? end 
PD: start what is the college of the player from pba team with a pick number of val0 or less ? end 
GT: start which cval0lege has a position of val0 , and a pick # smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the team 1 for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the team of the player who was previously on the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the singapore cup when the pick is less than val0 and the player is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the previous team of the player with val0 nba years and a pick less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from val0 with a val1 / day of val0 ? end 
GT: start how many nba years did the player from the val0 who was previously on the val1 have ? end 
PD: start what is the tournament when the winner is val0 and the is val1 ? end 
GT: start what tournament did val0 win and had a val0 of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest round for the val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the nadal in val1 in the val0 round ? end 
PD: start what is the record for the val0 val1 in the val1 ? end 
GT: start what were the sets when federer had val1 and a nadal of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the overall pick from val0 ? end 
GT: start which college had an overall pick of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the modern equivalent of val0 ? end 
GT: start what source of wealth has a value of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest against score of the val0 with a record of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest game , when opponents is less than val0 , and when record is " val1 " ? end 
PD: start what was the result on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is result , when date is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the division with a val0 of val0 , and a streak of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is streak , when heat points is " val0 " , and when game is " val1 " ? end 
PD: start what date has a game smaller than val0 , and a score of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is heat points , when game is less than val0 , and when date is " val1 " ? end 
PD: start what is the average place of the game with a result of val0 and a than val1 points ? end 
GT: start what is the average heat points , when result is " val0 " , when game is greater than val1 , and when date is " val2 " ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance during week val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the attendance for week val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent when the attendance was val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the attendance when the val0 were the opponents ? end 
PD: start what is the year of the val0 genre val1 ? end 
GT: start what country had a val1 publication in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest rank for the val0 after val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the lowest rank after val0 with an accolade of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is score , when player is " val0 " ? end 
GT: start what is val0 ' score ? end 
PD: start what place is val0 ? end 
GT: start which player is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the country of val0 place player val1 ? end 
GT: start which country has is val1 in val0 place ? end 
PD: start what is the average place , when score is " val0 " , and when player is " val1 " ? end 
GT: start what is the average score for the player who is val0 in the val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the 1980 value of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is 1976 when 1980 is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 1980 value of the product that has a 1987 result of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is 1980 when 1979 is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 1980 value of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is 1977 when 1980 is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the african spoonbill when the ostrich is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is 1976 when 1977 is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the african spoonbill when the ostrich is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is 1977 when 1978 is val0 ? end 
Batch 149 | Validation Loss 3.840465
PD: start what is the 1980 value of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is 1980 when 1978 is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the frequency of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the frequency for model number val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the release date of the val0 version ? end 
GT: start what is the release date for model number val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the fleet number for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the front side bus for model number val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the to par of val0 , player val1 ? end 
GT: start what to par is located in the val0 and has the player by the name of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what country has the score og val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the place of player val1 , who has less than $ val0 and finished in the money that has more than $ to par ? end 
GT: start what player has money larger than val0 and is placed in val1 and has the score of val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the game where val0 was the home team ? end 
GT: start what is the home team on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the result of the match on val0 on val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the date with val0 road team and val1 result ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the game that had a game of val0 ? end 
GT: start what game had a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the result on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the result of the game on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the result of the match on val0 on val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the result with the val0 road team , on val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the game when the val0 were the home team ? end 
GT: start what is the home team , result val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the transfer window for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is val0 's transfer window ? end 
PD: start what is the transfer window for val0 , and the type is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the val0 window with a status of val0 from the country of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the status of the val0 country from the val1 name ? end 
PD: start what is the type of the val0 , a val1 type , and val2 as the moving to ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the val0 val1 fee with a val1 status and an val2 country ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the status of the val0 country with the name of val1 ? end 
PD: start who was lieutenant governor to the governor that left office on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is left office , when took office is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the party where the next district is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is left office , when party is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the real name of the val0 party in val1 ? end 
GT: start what is name , when president is val0 , and when left office is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 party ? end 
GT: start what is party , when name is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the party affiliation of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is party , when took office is val0 ? end 
PD: start who was lieutenant governor to the governor that left office on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is left office , when took office is val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team 's score when the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the away team when the home team scored val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the away team of val0 ? end 
GT: start when was the away team val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the decision of the game where val0 is the grounds ? end 
GT: start what was the ground for away team val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the decision of the game where val0 is the grounds ? end 
GT: start what was the ground for away team val0 ? end 
PD: start what week was the game played val0 ? end 
GT: start what date was the week val0 game played on ? end 
PD: start what week was the game played at val0 ? end 
GT: start what week was the game played at val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the draw for the team with val0 points and val1 points ? end 
GT: start what is the losing bonus when drawn was val0 , and there were 1val01 points ? end 
PD: start what is the lost for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the points when the lost was val0 ? end 
Batch 150 | Validation Loss 4.248221
PD: start what is the lost for the club val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the lost when the club was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the draw for the team with val0 tries against and val1 tries against ? end 
GT: start what is the played number when tries against is val0 , and drawn is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the club when points is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the club with val0 points ? end 
PD: start what is the try bonus for the club with val0 pays and val1 tries against ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the club when the played number is valval1 , and the try bonus was val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the nationality of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the nationality of the players with a position of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the nationality of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what college was the player with the jersey number of val0 from ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest number of years for the houston rockets ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest jersey number of a player from val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the nationality of the player from val0 with a jersey number less than val1 and a school / club of val2 ? end 
GT: start what years did the val0 player with a jersey number val1 who attended val2 play ? end 
PD: start who had the high assists when the team was val0 ? end 
GT: start what is team , when high assists is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start who had the high points when the high rebounds was val0 ? end 
GT: start what is high points , when high rebounds is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what was the series of the game on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is series , when date is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start who had the high rebounds when the high assists is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is high assists , when high rebounds is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the maximum   high assists   with   game   being val0 end 
GT: start what is the highest game , when high assists is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the average game number with a score of val0 ? end 
GT: start what game had a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the score of the game with a record of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the streak on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the streak on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the date of game val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the date of game val0 ? end 
PD: start who had the high assists when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start who had the most assists in the game that led to a val0 record ? end 
PD: start what was the record after the val0 game ? end 
GT: start what is the location of the game with a val0 record ? end 
PD: start what was the record during game val0 ? end 
GT: start what game has a val0 record ? end 
PD: start what is the points for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is points , when points for is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the draw for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is drawn , when played is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the draw for the team that had val0 points ? end 
GT: start what is drawn , when points against is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the draw for the team that had val0 points and val1 points ? end 
GT: start what is points against , when drawn is " val0 " , and when points of is " 3val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the draw for the team that lost val0 points and lost ? end 
GT: start what is lost , when drawn is " val0 " , and when points is " val1 " ? end 
PD: start what is the points for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is points for , when points is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest game number for val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the game number that was played on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest game that has val0 as the home , and val1 as the away ? end 
GT: start wval0at is tval0e lowest attendance wval0en tval0e val0 / a is val0 in tval0e val1 ? end 
PD: start what is h / a / n , when opponents is greater than val0 , when opponents is " val1 " , and when score is " val1val15-val105 " ? end 
GT: start wval0at is tval0e opponent name wval0en tval0e val0 / a is val0 witval0 more tval0an val1 in attendance and sval0arpe 28 ' is tval0e scorer ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of round(s ) , when round is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the attendance number in the val0 round ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start what bridge in val0 county was built in val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the listing in val0 county in val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the listed for the bridge at val1 in val0 county ? end 
Batch 151 | Validation Loss 5.426977
PD: start what is the location of the val0 ? end 
GT: start in what year was the bridge in val0 built ? end 
PD: start what year was the val0 located ? end 
GT: start what is the county of the bridge in val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game against the val0 ? end 
GT: start which opponent has a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start how many games have a score of val0 ? end 
GT: start how many games have a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest game number with a score of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the earliest game with a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average game number with a score of val0 ? end 
GT: start what game has a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the game after game val0 on val1 ? end 
GT: start on what date did a game higher than val0 have a score of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the game before val0 on val1 earlier than val1 ? end 
GT: start on what date did val0 have a game lower than val1 with a score of 104-val14 ? end 
PD: start what is the place of the player with a score less than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is place , when score is less than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the to par of the player from the val0 with a val1 place and a val2 ? end 
GT: start what is to par , when country is " val0 " , when place is " val1 " , and when player is " val2 " ? end 
PD: start what is the to par of the player from the val0 with a val1 place and a val2 ? end 
GT: start what is to par , when country is " val0 " , when place is " val1 " , and when player is " val2 " ? end 
PD: start who is the 2nd 1st viii with a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start for the 2nd string of val0 what is the depart de la main gauche ? end 
PD: start who won the 1st place when val0 won 4th place and val1 won 4th place ? end 
GT: start for a 1st string of val0 accord du and a 2nd string of val1 what is the 3rd string ? end 
PD: start what is the manufacturer for the val0 , val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the mode of the depart de la main gauche of val0 and a val1 3rd string ? end 
PD: start what is the manufacturer for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the depart de la main gauche of the val0 mode ? end 
PD: start who was the 3rd place when val0 won 4th place and val1 was the 1st ? end 
GT: start for the 2nd string of val0 and an accord du 1st string of val1 what is the depart de la main gauche ? end 
PD: start what is the highest sp+fs with a rank of val0 and a sp+fs larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start which rank has a name of val0 , and points larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of places for val0 , when the is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start how many placings have points smaller than val0 , and a name of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total of the nation with a taijiquan larger than val0 and a total of val1 ? end 
GT: start which placings have a nation of val0 , and points larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what nation has val0 points ? end 
GT: start which nation has points of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the to par for val0 ? end 
GT: start which player finished at val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the record of the game against the val0 before game val1 ? end 
GT: start who is the opponent before game val0 with a val1 record ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game against the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the score for the opponent val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the record on val0 ? end 
GT: start what date is the record val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the quantity preserved for the manufacturer val0 , and the year val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the fleet number with a val0 wheel arrangement made in val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the wheel arrangement for the val0 quantity made ? end 
GT: start what is the wheel arrangement made in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the quantity preserved for the val0 class ? end 
GT: start what is the quantity preserved of the val0 class ? end 
PD: start what is the wheel arrangement for the val0 quantity ? end 
GT: start what is the wheel arrangement with val0 quantity preserved ? end 
PD: start what is the quantity preserved for the val0 class and val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the quantity made of the val1 class , which has a quantity preserved of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of bronze when the rank is val0 and bronze is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of total , when rank is val0 , and when bronze is less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest bronze when gold is less than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest bronze , when gold is less than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average bronze when silver is val0 and bronze is more than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the average bronze , when total is val0 , and when silver is greater than val1 ? end 
Batch 152 | Validation Loss 5.686445
PD: start what is the total of silver when the gold is val0 and silver is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of total , when silver is val0 , and when gold is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest gold when silver is less than val0 , the nation is valval2 and the nation is valval2 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest total , when gold is valval2 , when nation is val1 , and when bronze is less than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the year for the val0 film ? end 
GT: start what is the year of the film val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the year of the val0 film ? end 
GT: start what is the year of the film val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the role earlier than val0 with a role of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the studio of the film with director val1 after val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the label of the val0 after val1 , and a label of val2 ? end 
GT: start which label has a year older than val0 and a val1 detail as well as the val2 title ? end 
PD: start what is the label in val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start which details has the val0 label and the year of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average year , when title is " val0 " ? end 
GT: start what average year contains the title of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the month prior to val0 ? end 
GT: start which track title has a year lesser thsn val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from the college of val0 with a overall bigger than val1 , a round bigger than val1val1 , and a round bigger than val1val1 ? end 
GT: start which college has a pick less than val0 , an overall greater than val1 , a round less than val2 , and val3 as the position ? end 
PD: start what is the average pick , when college is " val0 " , when round is less than val1 , and when college is " val2 " ? end 
GT: start what is the average overall that has a pick less than val0 , val1 as the college , with a round less than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the pick that has a round bigger than val0 from val1 ? end 
GT: start how many overalls have a pick greater than val0 , with val1 as the college ? end 
PD: start what is the college of the player from pba team val1 with a overall less than val0 ? end 
GT: start what college has an overall less than val0 , and val1 as the name ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of prom in ft ) , when the total is less than val0 ? end 
GT: start which large end has a taper / ft smaller than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest river mile that has a height ( ft ) of val0 , and a height shorter than val1 ? end 
GT: start which taper / ft that has a large end smaller than val0 , and a taper of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest quantity with a val0 larger than val0 , a val1 greater than val2 , and a val2 greater than val2 ? end 
GT: start which taper / in that has a small end larger than val0 , and a taper of val1 , and a large end larger than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest br number with ships in val0 , and a quantity greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start which length has a taper of val0 , and a large end larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of prom in ft ) , when the is less than val0 ? end 
GT: start which angle from center/ ° has a taper / ft smaller than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest grid for val0 ? end 
GT: start what driver had the highest grid position with a time of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest laps for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the most number of laps run by val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the grid when the laps is less than val0 and the rider is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the total of laps run by the driver with a grid under val1 and a time of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the grid when the laps is less than val0 , laps is less than val1 , laps is less than val2 and the rider is val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the driver with the laps under val0 , grid of val3 , a bike of val2 , and ended with an val1 ? end 
PD: start what player has a score larger than val0 ? end 
GT: start who scored more than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the money for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the top score for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest to par , when score is val0 , and when score is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the low score for to par val0 in val1 ? end 
PD: start what place is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is val0 's place ? end 
PD: start what place is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the val0 place player ? end 
PD: start what is the average money for the player with a to par of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the to par of the player with a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the partner in the final where the opponents was val0 ? end 
GT: start which partner has opponents in the final of val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent in the final with a score of val0 ? end 
GT: start which opponents in the final have a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which year has a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which championship has a score of val0 ? end 
Batch 153 | Validation Loss 4.420249
PD: start who was the opponent in the final with a score of val0 ? end 
GT: start which score has opponents in the final of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the opponent on val0 ? end 
GT: start which opponent has a date of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the game against the val0 ? end 
GT: start which opponent has a result of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the game before week val0 with an attendance of 5val0,658 ? end 
GT: start which result has a week smaller than val0 , and attendance of val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the game against the val0 ? end 
GT: start which opponent has a result of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average goals for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the average goals for val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the champion in the year val0 ? end 
GT: start who were the champions in val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the runner - up in val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the runner - up in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest score for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest december , when score is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what was the record during game val0 ? end 
GT: start what is record , when game is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent in game val0 ? end 
GT: start what is opponent , when game is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance on val0 ? end 
GT: start how many spectators attended the game on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the game against the val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the opponent against which the result was val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the result on val0 ? end 
GT: start on which date was the result val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the game that had an attendance of val0 ? end 
GT: start how many spectators attended the game that ended in a result of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the to par for the place of val0 ? end 
GT: start which place has a to par of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the place of the player with a score of val0 ? end 
GT: start which score has a place of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average money for the player with a score of val0 ? end 
GT: start which average money has a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the place of the player with a val0 place and a score of val1 ? end 
GT: start which score has a place of val0 , and a country of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of pick that has a round under val0 , and a pba team of val1 ? end 
GT: start what are the total rounds for the val0 college and has a pick smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest pick number for val0 ? end 
GT: start what top round has a pick smaller than val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game with a result of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the result with a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the date with score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the score with a record of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game against the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the opponent with a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start how many loa numbers were there for the val0 horse ? end 
GT: start what is the weight number when the distance was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the distance of the 1945 vuelta val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the distance when the weight was val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the winner of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the race when the winner of 2nd was val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the money for the val0 of val0 with a result of val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the name of the winner or 2nd when the result was val0 , and weight was val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest amount of money that has val0 as the jockey , and val1 as the rider ? end 
GT: start what is the largest weight wth a result of val0 , and a distance of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the result of the val0 after val0 with a weight lighter than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the the name of the winner or 2nd   with a weight more than val0 , and the result was val1 ? end 
PD: start how many gold medals did val0 win when they received val1 bronze ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of total , when silver is val0 , and when bronze is val1 ? end 
Batch 154 | Validation Loss 4.689980
PD: start what nation has val0 bronze and val1 gold ? end 
GT: start what is bronze , when silver is val0 , and when nation is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the gold when the total is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is gold , when total is val0 ? end 
PD: start which nation has val0 gold and val1 silver ? end 
GT: start what is gold , when silver is val0 , and when nation is val1 ? end 
PD: start who won the bronze when the asian games were won by val0 ? end 
GT: start what is gold , when bronze is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the percentage of others when the party preference is val0 and the poll is val1 ? end 
GT: start which poll source determined undecided of val0 and jim demint ( r ) of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the percentage of others when the candidate is val0 ? end 
GT: start which poll source had an other of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 2009 value for the 2009 value of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the vote for alvin green when other was val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the percentage of t. papadopoulos when i. kasoulidis was val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the vote for alvin green when jim demint was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 2009 value for the 2009 value of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the vote for alvin green when other was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the to par for the place of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the place of the player with a to par of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the place of the player with a money of $ val0 and prize money of $ 8val0,783 ? end 
GT: start what is the place of the player with money greater than val0 and a score of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the place of the player with a score of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the score of the game of the player in place val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the to par for the player with a score of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the to par of the player with a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the to par for the place of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the to par of the val0 place player ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of money that has val0 as the place ? end 
GT: start what is the money of the player in place val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the title of the episode val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the arranger of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the african spoonbill when the ostrich is val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the arranger for the song that had a lyricist of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the title of the episode val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the composer of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the gore number for bush # val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest bush # , when bush% is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest bush # when bush is less than val0 and candidates is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest kerry # , when others # is " val0 " , and when bush # is less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest bush # when bush is more than val0 , disbursements of val1 , and others are more than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest bush # , when others% is " val0 " , when others # is less than val1 , and when kerry # is greater than val2 ? end 
PD: start wval1at t is the val0verval0ge on the gval0me gval0me t / val0 on val1 ? end 
GT: start when did mval0nchester united plval0y val0gval0inst val1 with val0n h / val0 of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the opponents that has val0 as the attendance ? end 
GT: start how many people attended the match when manchester united played against the val0 ? end 
PD: start what week has an opponent of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the average number of weeks that the opponent was the val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the result on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the result of the game played on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the kickoff time for week val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the kickoff time on week val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of league goals for the league cup goals greater than val0 ? end 
GT: start can you tell me the sum of fa cup goals that has the league cup goals larger than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the draw for the artist(s season , which has less than val0 draws , and less than val2 in them ? end 
GT: start what is the val0 translation when the language is val0 , draw is smaller than val1 , and the artist is val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the average place of the song val0 , which has a draw greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the average points when the artist is val0 , and the place is larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the draw for the artist val0 , which has less than val1 points ? end 
GT: start what is the place when the draw is less than val0 and the artist is val1 ? end 
PD: start who won the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the date val0 won ? end 
PD: start what is the prize of prize money for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what event has a val0 prize ? end 
Batch 155 | Validation Loss 5.192228
PD: start what is the date of the prize of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the date of the event with a val0 prize ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what event is in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the winner of the val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the winner in the city of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the school / club team for val0 ? end 
GT: start val0 has what as the listed years ? end 
PD: start what is the school / club team for val0 ? end 
GT: start val0 used what jersey number(s ) ? end 
PD: start what is the nationality of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start the player from val0 has what as a nationality ? end 
PD: start what is the nationality of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start val0 is from where ? end 
PD: start who had the fastest lap in the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the fastest lap for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 race with a pole position of val1 ? end 
GT: start on what date does val0 have the fastest lap in round val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the venue when the competition is val0 and the venue is val1 ? end 
GT: start in which venue did he place val1 in the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what were the notes when his position was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the competition in val0 ? end 
GT: start in which year did he compete in the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the school for the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start which player has years for grizzlies of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the school / club team with a val0 for the val1 ? end 
GT: start which player has position of val0 and school / club team of val1 ? end 
PD: start what nation has a gold larger than val0 , a total larger than val1 , and a nation of val2 ? end 
GT: start what is nation , when rank is greater than val0 , when total is greater than val1 , and when bronze is less than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the average rank for the with under val0 bronze ? end 
GT: start what is the average silver , when rank is val0 , and when bronze is less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest rank for val0 with less than val1 bronze ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest rank , when nation is val0 , and when bronze is less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of gold when the total is less than val0 and silver is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of gold , when silver is val0 , and when total is less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest rank for val0 when gold is more than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest gold , when nation is val0 , and when rank is greater than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the model of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is nation , when model is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the weight of the bullet used in the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is weight , when length is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the muzzle velocity for the bullet that is val0 bullet weight ? end 
GT: start what is length , when barrel length is val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the decision on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the decision of the game on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of gold when the rank is more than val0 , bronze is more than val1 , and the nation is val2 ? end 
GT: start what was the sum of the ranks for val1 who had less than val0 bronze medals and more than val2 silvers ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of gold when the nation is val0 and the rank is more than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest total medals for the val0 who had more than val1 silver medals ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of bronze when gold is more than val0 and silver is more than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of the bronze medals when there were more than val0 silver medals and a rank larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the most points for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the highest points when the second was val0 ? end 
PD: start what position did jockey val1 have less than val0 wins and less than val2 points ? end 
GT: start who was the driver / passengar when the position was smaller than valval2 , the third was val0 , and there was val0 win ? end 
PD: start what is the average col ( m ) when the prominence ( m ) is more than val0 and the total distance is more than val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the 100 m that the 110h was less than val0 and the 400 m was more than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the crowd when the val0 score was less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the final for val0 who had a 110h less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of micro that reached val0 reached with a maximum m pair of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the 110h that the 1500 m was val0 and the final was more than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of 1st ( m ) that has a distance ( m ) greater than val0 , and a world record of val1 , and a col ( m ) larger than val2 ? end 
GT: start what was the 400 m that had a 110h greater than val1 , a final of more than val2 , and having val0 in events ? end 
Batch 156 | Validation Loss 5.400810
PD: start what is the lowest amount of points scored by val0 when they scored val1 points ? end 
GT: start can you tell me the lowest points won that has the total matches of val0 , and the total w - l - h of val0 - 0 - 0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of points for the val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start can you tell me the lowest total natches that has the points won of val0 , and the year of val1 ? end 
PD: start who replaced the previous manager val0 val0 ? end 
GT: start what is team , when replaced by is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start who was the manager for the val0 position ? end 
GT: start what is position in table , when replaced by is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the manager who replaced by val0 ? end 
GT: start what is manner of departure , when outgoing manager is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is position in table , when team is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start who replaced the previous manager val0 val0 ? end 
GT: start what is team , when replaced by is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start who was the manager for the val0 position ? end 
GT: start what is position in table , when replaced by is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the name of episode # val0 ? end 
GT: start which episode 4 has a star of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the stadium for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what team has a home city of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the stadium for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what team that has a home city of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the team for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the stadium of the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the stadium for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what team has a home city of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the frequency of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the city of license with a val0 frequency end 
PD: start what is the frequency of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the power with val0 frequency end 
PD: start what is the power of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the city of license that has a val0 power end 
PD: start what is the identifier of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the identifier with val0 frequency end 
PD: start what is the frequency of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the frequency that has a val0 city of license end 
PD: start what is the power of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the city of license that has a val0 power end 
PD: start what is the total of the / gs when the gain is less than val0 , the avg / g is less than val1 and the is is val2 ? end 
GT: start how much loss has a gain smaller than val0 , and a long smaller than val1 , and an avg / g of val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the average / g for a gain of val0 and a gain of val1 ? end 
GT: start which avg / g has a name of val0 , and a gain larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest avg / g with a gp - gs of val0 , and a gp - gs of val1 , and a loss less than val2 ? end 
GT: start which avg / g is the lowest one that has a long smaller than val0 , and a name of val1 , and a gain smaller than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of yds / att - cmp - int that has val0 for the player with less than val1 solo ? end 
GT: start how much avg / g has a gain smaller than val0 , and a long smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest capacity for val0 ? end 
GT: start can you tell me the highest capacity that has the team of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the arena o the val0 ? end 
GT: start can you tell me the capacity that has the position in 2005 of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the venue for the val0 ? end 
GT: start can you tell me the venue that has the position in 2005 of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 tournament ? end 
GT: start which tournament was held on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game against the val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the opponent with a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent when the outcome of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the outcome when val0 was the opponent ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of week , when date is val0 , and when attendance is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what week was the attendance smaller than val0 on val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the game against the val0 with a result of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is opponent , when result is val0 , and when venue is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of death of the val0 with a time of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the date ( to ) associated wiht a traction type of val0 and the val1 system ? end 
Batch 157 | Validation Loss 4.855225
PD: start what is the college of the player from pba team val1 with a overall less than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is name , when overall is less than val0 , and when college is " val1 " ? end 
PD: start what is the highest pick number for val0 college with a pick greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest pick , when round is greater than val0 , and when college is " val1 " ? end 
PD: start what is the round for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is pick , when round is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the round for the val0 , when the pick number is less than val1 , and the name is val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of overall , when pick is greater than val0 , when round is less than val1 , and when name is " val2 " ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the match at val0 ? end 
GT: start which venue was used for the game whose score was val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the match where val0 was team 1 ? end 
GT: start what was the score for the game in which val0 was team 2 ? end 
PD: start what is the nationality of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the player that was from val0 ? end 
PD: start what years did the val0 play for the val1 ? end 
GT: start what years did the player with the jersey number val0 and played position val1 play ? end 
PD: start what school / club team did the player who began before val0 ? end 
GT: start what years did the player with the jersey number bigger than val0 play ? end 
PD: start what is the highest number of years for the houston rockets ? end 
GT: start what was the highest jersey number for the player from val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the to par for val0 place player val1 ? end 
GT: start which place has a to par of val0 , and a player of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the to par for the player from the val0 with a score of val1 ? end 
GT: start which score has a to par of val0 , and a country of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of player val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the player with a score of val0 ? question 3 end 
PD: start what is the to par for val0 with a score of val1 ? end 
GT: start name the player who has a to par of val0 and a score of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the to par of player val1 , who has a val0 place ? end 
GT: start name the player who has a country of val0 , and a to par of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the country of player val1 , who has a val0 place ? end 
GT: start name the player who has a place of val0 in country of val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the match that had a val0 score ? end 
GT: start what is the result of choreographer val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the music for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the music for choreographer val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the result for the dance val0 , and track val1 ? end 
GT: start what couple had a val0 result and a val1 style ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of points for the val0 against val1 with more than val1 in the ? end 
GT: start how many games had fewer than val0 opponents and more than val1 net points with an opponent of val2 ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent on val0 ? end 
GT: start which opponent is from val0 ? end 
PD: start what date was the game against val1 with more than val0 people ? end 
GT: start how many opponents were there in a game higher than val0 on val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 game against val1 ? end 
GT: start what round did the val0 played away on val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the game against the val0 on val1 ? end 
GT: start who plval0yed val0gval0inst in venue val0 on 17 februval0ry 1900 ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance for the game against the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many people attended in the game against val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of to par , when year(s ) is " val0 " ? end 
GT: start what is the total of the player with a to par of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest total for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total of the player with a year(s ) won of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average money ( ¥ ) of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the to par of the player wtih year(s ) won of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the player from val0 with a to par of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is val1 with a to par greater than val0 country ? end 
PD: start what is the country of the player from val0 with a total less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the country of the player with a total less than val0 and year(s ) won of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total of the player with a to par of val0 and a total larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the to par of player val0 with a total larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the kickoff against val0 ? end 
GT: start what opponent had a kickoff of val0 ? end 
Batch 158 | Validation Loss 4.776939
PD: start what was the result of the game that had a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score of the game with a val0 kickoff ? end 
PD: start how many rank is listed under the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total stories that rank number val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the height of the val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the height of the val1 in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 2003 value with val0 in 2003 and val1 in 2003 ? end 
GT: start whval0 t wval0s the 1997 vval0lue when 2002 wval0s val0 val0nd 2003 wval0s val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the 1989 result for the val0 with a 1990 of val1 ? end 
GT: start whval1 t wval1s the vval1lue in 1989 with vval1l0 in 1997 val1nd val1 in 1993 ? end 
PD: start what is the career sr when the value for 2val0val08 is val0 , the rate is val1 , and the number of 2005 is val2 , and the 2008 is val2 ? end 
GT: start whval0 t is the vval0lue in 1997 when the vval0lue in 1989 is val0 , 1995 is val1 , 1996 is val2 val0nd the cval0reer sr is val3 ? end 
PD: start what is the 2000 value with val0 in 2011 and val1 in 2011 ? end 
GT: start whval0 t wval0s the vval0lue in 1995 for val0 in 2000 val0 t the indival0n wells tournval0ment ? end 
PD: start what is the career sr of the val0 that has a 1987 of val0 ? end 
GT: start whval0 t wval0s the cval0reer sr with val0 vval0lue oval1 val0 in 1980 val0nd val1 in 1997 ? end 
PD: start what is the total when year(s won with less than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is year(s ) won , when total is less than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the country of val0 , who has a finish of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is finish , when country is " val0 " , and when player is " val1 " ? end 
PD: start what is the country of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what is country , when year(s ) won is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the to par for val0 with a finish of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is finish , when country is " val0 " , and when to par is " val1 " ? end 
PD: start what is the release date of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what format was released in val0 ? end 
PD: start what label is in the val0 ? end 
GT: start what label has a code of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the release date of val0 ? end 
GT: start when was val0 released ? end 
PD: start what label has a release date of val0 ? end 
GT: start what label released an album in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 3 credits for the youtube hero val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the wednesday when day 3 is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the nor 2 when the number is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the day 1 when the day 3 is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the nor 2 when the number is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the day 1 when day 5 is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the nor 2 when the number 3 spot is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the day 3 when day 4 is val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the opponent on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the date when the opponent # is val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance on val0 when the was the visitor ? end 
GT: start what is the date when the site is val0 , and the attendance is val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the game that had an attendance of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the attendance when the result is val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the date of the game at val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the site when the date is val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the result on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the date when the result is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from round val0 with a round less than val1 ? end 
GT: start which player has a round smaller than val0 , and a school / club team of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the school of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which school / club team has a pick of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average pick for the val0 player before round val1 ? end 
GT: start which round has a school / club team of val0 , and a pick smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of rounds for the val0 player from round val1 ? end 
GT: start which round has a school / club team of val0 , and a pick larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest pick for the val0 earlier than val1 ? end 
GT: start which round has a school / club team of val0 , and a pick smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the tie number for the val0 away game ? end 
GT: start what is the away team with a val0 tie no ? end 
PD: start who was the home team when the away team was val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the home team with val0 as the away team ? end 
Batch 159 | Validation Loss 4.399492
PD: start what date was the game played at val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the date of tie no . val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the nationality of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what is val0 's nationality ? end 
PD: start what was the 1st prize for val0 ? end 
GT: start in what year did val0 get 2nd prize ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest 1st prize for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the earliest year in which the 1st price went to val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest lost when the points is less than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest loss with points less than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the first competitions that have val0 draw ? end 
GT: start what is the sum for the match with a draw less than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of points when the last match with more than val0 points ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest points for a match before val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of games for the player with val0 goals and less than val1 points ? end 
GT: start how many points were there when there were less than val1 rebounds and val0 assists ? end 
PD: start how many points were there in the val0 against val1 ? end 
GT: start how many minutes were played when there were val0 points and the opponent was val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the mountain peak with a val0 region , and a location of val1 ? end 
GT: start which mountain range has a region of val0 , and a location of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the rank for the mountain peak with a u-17 mountain peak of val0 ? end 
GT: start name the mountain peak which has a rank of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the region for the val0 region location and the val1 ? end 
GT: start which mountain peak has a region of val0 , and a location of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the mountain peak when the mountain peak is val0 ? end 
GT: start name the region with a mountain peak of val0 ? end 
PD: start what place has money ( $ ) of val0 , and a place smaller than val1 ? end 
GT: start what was val1 's place when he was paid less than $ val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of money that has val0 as the score ? end 
GT: start how much was paid to the player whose score was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the country of player val1 , who has money of val0 ? end 
GT: start which country is val1 , who made $ val0 , from ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest round with a val0 less than val0 , and a position of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest round of the position val0 player with an overall less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest pick number for val0 college with a pick less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest pick of the player from val0 with an overall less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average pick number for val0 college before round val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the average round of the player from the college of val0 with a pick less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the rounds for the college with a pick greater than val0 from val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of the pick from val0 college with a round greater than val1 ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent on val0 ? end 
GT: start what date was the opponent the val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the record on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the record for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average number of points for the val0 against val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the average point total for the nets in games before game val0 where the opponents scored less than val05 ? end 
PD: start what is the average game number for the val0 with a record of val1 ? end 
GT: start in which game did the opponent score more than val1 and the record was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest game number for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest game , when date is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start who had the high rebounds when the high assists is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is high rebounds , when high assists is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what was the result on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the date of the competition with a result of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the val0 competition ? end 
GT: start what is the score of the val0 competition ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the val0 competition ? end 
GT: start what is the score of the val0 competition ? end 
PD: start what is the date of game val0 , and a game of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the game number on val1 with val0 home team ? end 
PD: start what was the result on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the result of the game on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the date of game val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the game number on val0 ? end 
Batch 160 | Validation Loss 4.245737
PD: start what was the result of the game that had a val0 game ? end 
GT: start what game had a result of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the game that had a val0 game ? end 
GT: start what is the result of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of game val0 , and a game of val1 ? end 
GT: start on what date is val1 with val0 road team ? end 
PD: start who was the home team when the away team was val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the home team in the match against val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the tie number for the val0 season ? end 
GT: start what tie happened with val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the tie no when val0 is the home team ? end 
GT: start what was the tie resulting from val0 's game ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of week , when opponent is val0 , and when attendance is greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start which week has an opponent of val0 , and an attendance larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the lowest attendance on val0 ? end 
GT: start which attendance has a date of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the result on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the result on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the division with a val0 of val0 , and losses of val1 ? end 
GT: start what league had a finish of val0 and val1 losses ? end 
PD: start what is the total losses for the val0 ties ? end 
GT: start what is the number of losses when the ties are lesser than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average number of losses for the val0 league , the league is val1 , and the league cup goals is less than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the losses in the val0 in the val1 season with less than val2 wins ? end 
PD: start what is the highest amount of losses for the val0 player with a finish higher than val1 and a to par of than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest wins for the val0 with a finish of val1 , and more than val2 losses ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest number of losses for the league cup among the val0 league with less than val1 cf appearances , and less than val2 cf wins ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest number of ties in the val0 , with less than val1 losses and less than val2 wins ? end 
PD: start what is the partner in the val0 tournament ? end 
GT: start who was the runner - up in the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the surface on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the surface on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the val0 in the val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the score when the championship is val0 and the opponent is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the opponent of the match played on val2 with outcome val0 , and a score of val2 ? end 
GT: start who is the opponent when the surface is val0 , the outcome is val1 and the championship is val2 on val3 ? end 
PD: start what was the opponent on val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the opponent on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the outcome of the match against the val0 with a score of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the score when the outcome is val0 against val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest attendance for the game before week val0 on val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the highest number of attendance in a week before val1 and game on val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent on val0 ? end 
GT: start on what date did the team play againt the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average week for the game on val1 with an attendance greater than val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the average number of attendance for the game on val0 played after week val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the release price for the processor with val0 socket and a val1 ? end 
GT: start which model has a frequency of val0 and a socket of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the socked when the processor is val0 ? end 
GT: start what model number uses val0 socket ? end 
PD: start what is the date for round val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the date when the round is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date for round val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the date when the round is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average week for the gaime with an attendance less than val0 ? end 
GT: start which attendance has an opponent of val0 , and a week smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest week for the val0 with an attendance greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start which week has an opponent of val0 , and an attendance larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest week that has val0 as the date , with an attendance less than val1 ? end 
GT: start which attendance has a date of val0 , and a week smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the game on val2 with an attendance larger than val0 and a result of val2 ? end 
GT: start when did venue val1 hval1ve val1n val1ttendval1nce lval1rger thval1n vval1l0 , val1nd val1 result of val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the election date for the office of val0 ? end 
GT: start when did the party elected in val0 enter office ? end 
Batch 161 | Validation Loss 4.376436
PD: start what is the land area in val0 ? end 
GT: start what is year named , when longitude is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average longitude of the val0 after val0 with a minumum diameter less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the average year named , when latitude is val0 , and when diameter ( km ) is greater than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is longitude , when name is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average draw for val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the average draw for the song val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the artist for the artist val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the song of artist val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the draw for the artist val0 , which has more than val1 points ? end 
GT: start what 's the total number of points for val0 with a draw over val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average draw for the song val0 , which has more than val1 points ? end 
GT: start what 's the average amount of points for val0 with a draw over val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest draw for the artist val0 , which has more than val1 points ? end 
GT: start what 's the highest draw with over val0 points for val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest grid for val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the highest grid for a time / retired of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest population of the parish with an area larger than val0 and a population maroochy of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the population of the val1 parish with an area km 2 larger than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the population of the parish with a population of val0 and a population less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the area of the val0 parish with a population smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the population of the parish with a population of val0 and a population less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the area of the val1 parish with a population smaller than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is score , when player is " val0 " ? end 
GT: start who is the player with a val0 score ? end 
PD: start what is the place of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the place of val0 ? end 
PD: start what place is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the place of player val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the to par for val0 with a score of val1 ? end 
GT: start who is the player with a val0 to par and a val1 score ? end 
PD: start what is the country of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is player val0 's country ? end 
PD: start what is the score of val0 , player val1 ? end 
GT: start who is the player from the val0 with a val1 score ? end 
PD: start what is the length ( m ) of the animal whose length ( cm is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the length in feet when the length in meters is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the length / location of the val0 ? end 
GT: start where is the longest arch with a length in meters of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the length / location of the val0 ? end 
GT: start where is the longest arch with a length in meters of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the rank of pakistan + when the rank is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the rank of the arch with a length in meters of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the length ( cm ) of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the length in feet of the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total of the crowd when the home team was val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the number of the crowd when the val0 were the home team ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game where the val0 were the visitors ? end 
GT: start what was the crowd size for the game with a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average crowd when the home team is val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the average crowd size for the game when the val0 was the home team ? end 
PD: start what city has a frequency mhz smaller than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is city of license , when frequency mhz is less than val0 ? end 
PD: start which call sign has a frequency mhz larger than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is call sign , when erp w is greater than val0 ? end 
PD: start what city has erp w of val0 , and a frequency mhz larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is city of license , when erp w is greater than val0 , and when call sign is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the call sign for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is call sign , when city of license is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of erp w when the call sign is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of erp w , when call sign is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of overall , when college is " val0 " , and when pick is greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of overall picks that were after pick val1 and went to val0 college ? end 
Batch 162 | Validation Loss 4.814338
PD: start what is the name of the player from val0 with a overall pick less than val1 from the college of val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the overall pick number for a draft pick smaller than val0 , named val2 from val1 college ? end 
PD: start what is the average overall , when round is greater than val0 , and when round is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the average number of rounds for val1 who had an overall pick number bigger than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the rounds for val0 with a pick of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of rounds that has a pick of val0 and is named val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest round for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest round number for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest pick for the val0 with a overall less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest overall pick number for val0 who had a pick smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the status of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the status of the match held on val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent at the game played at val1 against the val0 ? end 
GT: start which venue has an against value larger than val0 and had val1 as an opposing team . end 
PD: start what is the average against for val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the average of againsts on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the venue when the crowd is larger than val0 and the away team is val1 ? end 
GT: start where was the venue with val0 in the crowd and against the val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the outcome of the year before val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the outcome before val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the championship after val0 with a val1 championship ? end 
GT: start what championship after val0 was the score val1 ? end 
PD: start how many years did they play val0 ? end 
GT: start how many years was the opponent val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the surface of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the surface in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the country for the player with a money , and a rank greater than $ val0 ? end 
GT: start which country 's score of val1 resulted in a reward of over $ val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of all the positions for the val0 with less than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of total values for rd 7 less than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total of the points when the position is less than val0 , catches is less than val1 , the position is more than val2 and the is more than val3 ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of values of rd 7 with rd 6 less than val1 and rd 8 less than val3 for val2 in a position greater than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average position for the val0 player with a position less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the average value for rd 8 in a position less than val1 for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of val0 ? end 
GT: start what position did val0 play for the philadelphia flyers ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance for the game that had val0 as the home team ? end 
GT: start what was the attendance for the home team of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the tie number for the val0 away game ? end 
GT: start who were the away team in tie number val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the match with val0 as the away team ? end 
GT: start what was the score of tie number val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the margin of victory for the val0 tournament ? end 
GT: start what is the margin of victory when the tournament is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the margin of victory when the winning score was val0 , and a margin of victory of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the margin of victory when the runner - up is val0 and the winning score is val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the winning score of the val0 tournament ? end 
GT: start what is the winning score when the tournament is val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the winning score of the val0 tournament ? end 
GT: start what is the tournament when the winning score is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the time / retired when the laps is more than val0 , manufacturer is val1 and the grid is more than val2 ? end 
GT: start who is the rider with less than val0 laps , more than val1 grids , and an val2 time / retired ? end 
PD: start what manufacturer has less than val0 laps , grid less than val1 , laps under val2 , and rider of val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the time / retired of the val0 manufacturer with a grid less than val1 , val2 laps , and val3 as the rider ? end 
PD: start what is the average grid for val0 , manufacturer of val1 , and a time of val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the average number of laps with an val0 time / retired , val1 manufacturer and a grid of val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the type of the val0 pageant , which has more than val1 floors , and an annual run of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is type , when rank is greater than val0 , when number of bearers 2008 is greater than val1 , and when surname is val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest rank of the val0 peak with a forbes less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest number of bearers 2008 , when surname is val0 , and when rank is less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the type of the val0 pageant , which has more than val1 floors , and an annual change of val2 ? end 
GT: start what is type , when number of bearers 2008 is greater than val0 , when rank is greater than val1 , and when etymology is val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the rank of the unit with a val0 ? end 
GT: start what is etymology , when rank is val0 ? end 
Batch 163 | Validation Loss 4.454115
PD: start what is the largest ethnic group in val0 ? end 
GT: start what is highest number of bearers 2008 , when surname is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the college of the player from round val0 with a overall pick number bigger than val1 ? end 
GT: start what position has a round larger than val0 , for val1 college ? end 
PD: start what is the college of the player from round val0 with a pick greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start what college has a round larger than val0 , with val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the nationality for val0 ? end 
PD: start how many picks did val0 have ? end 
GT: start what is the total pick for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the college of the val0 player from val1 ? end 
GT: start what round has a val0 position at val1 college ? end 
PD: start what is the date for round val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the date where the round is val0 ? end 
PD: start what venue has val0 as the opponent , and val1 as the opponent ? end 
GT: start wval0at is tval0e round of tval0e game at venue val0 and opponent of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the game that has val0 as the attendance ? end 
GT: start what sum of game has an attendance of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average game number for val0 with a game number less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what average game was held on val0 and has an attendance smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the match where val0 was the away team ? end 
GT: start what was the score of having a tie of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance for the away team of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the attendance for the game where the away team was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the tie number for the val0 away game ? end 
GT: start what was the name of the away team that had a tie of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game wehre val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score for the game where the home team was val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game wehre val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score for the match where the home team was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the number of the for the val0 ? end 
GT: start which home team score has a aedt time of val0 ? end 
PD: start what day was val0 the home team ? end 
GT: start which home team is on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the home team that played at val0 on val1 ? end 
GT: start name the away team which has a ground of val0 , and a home team of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the best finish for the season with val0 top 1val0s and the best 15-year period ? end 
GT: start name the aedt time which has a local time of val0 , and a away team score of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the best time for the val0 season ? end 
GT: start name the aedt time which has an away team of val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent when the attendance was val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the attendance when they played val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average attendance for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the average attendance for games played val0 ? end 
PD: start what week was the game played val0 ? end 
GT: start which week was the game played on val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent before week val0 with a result of val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the result before week val0 when they played the val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the time of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what time did the even val0 take place ? end 
PD: start what bombing happened in val0 ? end 
GT: start what location did the event val0 take place ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of rounds , when player is " val0 " ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of rounds where val0 was picked ? end 
PD: start what player is pick val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the player who was pick number val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the val0 player from round val1 ? end 
GT: start what position did val1 play who was picked in round val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what position did the player who was picked in round val0 play ? end 
PD: start what country is val0 from ? end 
GT: start what country is val0 from ? end 
PD: start how many times is the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total of the player with a finish of val0 ? end 
Batch 164 | Validation Loss 5.650357
PD: start what is the average rank of the val0 earlier than val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the 2010 population of val0 which has a rank smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the class position of the team that was in the val0 position ? end 
PD: start what is the class of the val0 , who has more laps than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is class pos . , when year is before val0 , and when laps is greater than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the latest year that reasons to be pretty nominated for the val0 ? end 
GT: start which year has a category of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the year for the val0 ceremony in val1 ? end 
GT: start which year has an award of val0 , and a category of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the result for the val0 in val1 in val1 ? end 
GT: start which country has a result of val0 , an award of val1 , and a category of val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the result for the val0 against val1 ? end 
GT: start who was the opponent with a record of val04 - 4-val0 and has a round of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the purpose of the val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the round in val0 with a val1 for method ? end 
PD: start what is the purpose of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the location when the record was val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent on val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the opponent on val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent before week val0 with a result of val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the result in a week lower than val0 with an opponent of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the attendance of the game with a result of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of attendance when the result was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the name when the position was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the name when the position is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the musical guest and the musical performances val0 ? end 
GT: start which show has a character of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the result for the val0 category val1 val1 ? end 
GT: start which show was nominated for the val1 at the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the year when the role is val0 and the actor is val1 ? end 
GT: start which character was nominated in the val0 val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the rank for the artist(s val0 ? end 
GT: start what rank is the title with a gross of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the rank for the artist(s movie with a worldwide gross less than val0 ? end 
GT: start which title ranked lower than val0 has a gross of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the rank for the artist(s val0 ? end 
GT: start what rank has a gross of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest rank for the val0 film ? end 
GT: start what is the rank of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is equipment , when equipment is greater than val0 , and when equipment is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the equipment that has a point bigger than val0 , and a position of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is equipment , when equipment is val0 , and when points is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the equipment that has a points littler than val0 , and a position of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest number of points for val0 with a equipment and under val1 carries ? end 
GT: start what is the most elevated position that has a points of val0 , and a bike no littler than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the to par of the player from the val0 with a score less than val1 and a score of val2 ? end 
GT: start whval2n bunky hval2nry of thval2 val1 scorval2d highval2r than val0 and his to par was val2 , what was his placval2 ? end 
PD: start what is the to par for val0 place player val1 with a score less than val1 ? end 
GT: start whval1n bunky hval1nry of thval1 unitval1d statval1s scorval1d highval1r than val0 and his to par was val1 , what was his placval1 ? end 
PD: start what is the country of player val1 , who has a val0 place ? end 
GT: start where did val1 of the val0 place ? end 
PD: start what is the to par for val0 place player val1 ? end 
GT: start when val1 placed val0 , what was his to par ? end 
PD: start what is the country of val0 ? end 
GT: start which country is val0 from ? end 
PD: start who is the lead for season val0 ? end 
GT: start which season has val0 in third ? end 
PD: start what is the season when batting score is val0 , and when the season is val1 ? end 
GT: start who was the lead with val0 as skip in the season of val1 ? end 
PD: start who is the gagarin kennel club for the val0 ? end 
GT: start who was second when val0 was the lead ? end 
Batch 165 | Validation Loss 5.508731
PD: start what season had val0 as the away , val1 as the away , and val2 as the away ? end 
GT: start who was the lead with val0 as skip and val1 as second in season val2 ? end 
PD: start who is the second when the shortstop was val0 , the second was val1 , and the second baseman was val2 ? end 
GT: start who was the lead with val0 as skip , val2 in second , and val1 in third ? end 
PD: start what is the to par for val0 with a val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the to par with a finish of val0 , for val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average total for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total that has a win in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total of the player with a to par of val0 and a total larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the total , of a to par for val0 , and a total larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the german name for the number of german ( são larger than val0 ? end 
GT: start with a 35 to 39 greater than val0 what is the 45 to 49 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of military deaths when the % change is less than val0 , and the percent of val1 is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the number of 40 to 44 when the 50 to 54 is less than val0 , and the 15 to 17 is less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average 60 to 64 when 50 to 54 is less than val0 , 35 to 39 is more than val1 , 30 to 34 is less than val2 , 30 to 34 is less than val2 ? end 
GT: start with a 20 to 24 less than val0 , and a 15 to 17 greater than val1 , and a 60 to 64 less than val2 , what is the average 45 to 49 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the distances in 2006 , when the number 1980 is greater than val0 , and when the value for tertiary is greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the total 30 to 34 when the 40 to 44 is greater than val0 , and the 50 to 54 is greater than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the total deaths when the 50 to 34 is more than val0 , and the number 1980 is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the total 60 to 64 when the oblast\age is val0 , and the 45 to 49 is bigger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average / reduced when 50 to 54 is more than val0 , 35 to 39 is more than val1 , 30 to 34 is less than val2 , 30 to 34 is more than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the mean 55 to 59 when the c / w 15 + is greater than val0 , and the 30 to 34 is val1 , and the 35 to 39 is greater than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the areas for populations with an area of val0 ? end 
GT: start can you tell me the sum of area km 2 that has the official name of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the population of the subdivision with a population of val0 ? end 
GT: start can you tell me the lowest area km 2 that has the population of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the frequency mhz of val0 , and a city of license of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the fcc info for the radio station in val1 , val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the frequency of the val0 val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the frequency of the radio station in val0 that has a call sign of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the call sign for the station with a frequency of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the frequency of the radio station with a call sign of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the frequency of the newspaper is val0 and the callsign is val1 ? end 
GT: start what state is the radio station in that has a frequency of val0 and a city license in val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the frequency of val0 ? end 
GT: start what city is val0 licensed in ? end 
PD: start what is the frequency of the val0 val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the call sign for val1 which is in val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the resolution of the fight that nate mohr val0 was val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the result for the val0 event ? end 
PD: start what was the record when the team was val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the record for the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the time of the match with a time of val0 and a time of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the location when the method is val0 and the time is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the record for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the location when the record is val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times is avg / g of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total avg / g of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest effic / g for the val0 / g ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest effic with a val0 avg / g ? end 
PD: start what is the att - cmp - int that has val0 , and an effic larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the avg / g of val1 , who has an effic greater than val0 ? end 
PD: start what was week val0 's record ? end 
GT: start which week has a record of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the result on val0 ? end 
GT: start on what date was the result val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the nation of val0 ? end 
GT: start who has a birth of val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the lead for the nation of val0 ? end 
GT: start when was the death of the person with husband val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the stage of the winner is val0 ? end 
GT: start when was the death when the birth was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the stage where the lead is val0 ? end 
GT: start when was became dauphine when birth is val0 ? end 
Batch 166 | Validation Loss 5.036571
PD: start what is the stage of the winner val0 ? end 
GT: start when was the marriage when became dauphine is val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the winner of the val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the husband when ceased to be dauphine is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of money that val0 won in val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the least money ( $ ) when the country is val0 and the player is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the money for the player with a score of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the most money ( $ ) when the score is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the place of player val1 , who has $ val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the money ( $ ) when the place is val0 , and player is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the population of the group with a population of val0 and a population less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what 's the sum of the total congregation in the val0 province with less than val1 population ? end 
PD: start what is the population of the group with a population of val0 and a population maroochy smaller than val1 ? end 
GT: start what 's the sum of population when the membership is val0 for fewer than val1 branches ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest population of the val0 party , which has a population greater than val1 , and a population greater than val2 ? end 
GT: start what 's the fewest number of branches with more than val0 total congregations , a population of val0,033,38val0 , and a membership smaller than 5,67val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the year for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what year was val0 made ? end 
PD: start what is the year for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what movie was made in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the year of the val0 film ? end 
GT: start what year was val0 a producer ? end 
PD: start what is the year of the val0 film ? end 
GT: start who were the producers in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the role in val0 ? end 
GT: start what were the roles in val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the date of week val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the date during week val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of november , when game is " val0 " ? end 
GT: start what is the game when on november val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent on val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the opponent on november val0 ? end 
PD: start which venue has a against smaller than val0 , and a status of val1 , and a date of 20/05 ? end 
GT: start which opposing team had an against score less than val0 and a val1 status in val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what date was the opposing team val0 ? end 
PD: start which venue has against smaller than val0 , and a venue of val1 ? end 
GT: start which venue had an against score smaller than val0 when the opposing team was val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score when the time was val0 ? end 
PD: start who had the high points when the high assists is val0 and the high points is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is high assists , when high points is " val0 " , and when high rebounds is " val1 " ? end 
PD: start what was the record when the team was val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the record for the val0 team ? end 
PD: start what is the 2004 value with val0 in 2003 ? end 
GT: start val0hat shoval0s for 2002 val0hen the 1991 is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 1991 when the 1991 is val0 ? end 
GT: start what shows for 1995 when 1996 shows val0 ? end 
PD: start whvval1l0 t is the 2002 vvval1l0lue with vval1l0 in 2005 , vval1l0 in 2005 , vval1l0nd in 2005 ? end 
GT: start whval0 t shows for 202 when the 1994 is val0 , the 1989 is val1 , val0nd the 199 is val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the tournament when the 1990 is val0 , and a 1990 of val1 ? end 
GT: start whval0 t shows for 1992 when 1988 is val0 , val0 t the val0ustrval0lival0n open ? end 
PD: start whvval1l0 t is the 2002 vvval1l0lue with vval1l0 in 2005 , vval1l0 in 2005 , vval1l0nd in 2005 ? end 
GT: start what shows for 1992 when 2001 is val0 , 1994 is val0 , and the 2002 is val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the 1989 result of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what shows for 1988 when 1994 shows val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what result is val0ound val0or the round that has val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the method of resolution for val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the method of resolution for the fight against val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the round of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which phase is for the val0 round ? end 
PD: start what is the rank for the val0 in val1 with a height of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the mountain range when the state is val0 , rank is higher than val1 and mountain peak is val2 ? end 
Batch 167 | Validation Loss 4.587374
PD: start what is the location of the val0 peak ? end 
GT: start what is the mountain peak when the location is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the mountain peak with a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the mountain range when the mountain peak is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the rank for the val0 in 19val06 ? end 
GT: start what is the rank when the state is val0 and the location is val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance for the match that had a time of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the number of people in attendance when the time is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the val0 vs. val1 game ? end 
GT: start what was the score at val0 on val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the game that has val0 as the location and val1 as the date ? end 
GT: start what is the number of people in attendance at val0 , and game is val1 ? end 
PD: start who had the high assists when the team was val0 ? end 
GT: start who had the most assists in the game against val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest lost that has a played greater than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest played with a lost bigger than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player with less than val0 goals and less than val1 goals ? end 
GT: start what team with a goals conceded smaller than val0 , and a place smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the goals scored for the team that had less than val0 draws , less than val1 points , and less than val2 losses ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of draw with a lost smaller than val0 , and a place of val1 , and a goals scored less than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of points for the venue of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number for a place with points smaller than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the country of player val1 , who has a val0 place ? end 
GT: start what is place , when country is " val0 " , and when player is " val1 " ? end 
PD: start what is the total of val0 with a score of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of score , when country is " val0 " , and when player is " val1 " ? end 
PD: start what is the to par for val0 place player val1 ? end 
GT: start what is to par , when place is " val0 " , and when player is " val1 " ? end 
PD: start what is the country of player val1 , who has a val0 place ? end 
GT: start what is the country , when place is val0 , and when player is " val1 " ? end 
PD: start what is the venue of the val0 season in val1 ? end 
GT: start what were the years for seasons in csl when they played in the val1 and had top division titles ( overall ) of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the to par for val0 place player val1 ? end 
GT: start what is to par , when place is " val0 " , and when country is " val1 " ? end 
PD: start what is the to par for val0 with a score of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is score , when country is " val0 " , and when to par is " val1 " ? end 
PD: start what is the score of player val0 ? end 
GT: start what is player , when score is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the country of player val1 , who has a val0 place ? end 
GT: start what is country , when place is " val0 " , and when player is " val1 " ? end 
PD: start what is the country of player val1 , who has a val0 place ? end 
GT: start what is player , when country is " val0 " , and when place is " val1 " ? end 
PD: start what place is val0 in ? end 
GT: start what is player , when place is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest total for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total of val0 ? end 
PD: start how many total total for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the to par for val0 ? end 
GT: start which player has val0 to par ? end 
PD: start what is the finish of val0 ? end 
GT: start which country has a finish of val0 ? end 
PD: start which player has a to par larger than val0 , and a player of val1 ? end 
GT: start which player has a total of more than val0 and val1 to par . end 
PD: start who won the bronze when the asian games were won by val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the number of gold medals when the number of bronze medals is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the rank for the bronze with val0 bronze ? end 
GT: start what rank is the nation that has a bronze of val0 ? end 
PD: start what rank has val0 silver ? end 
GT: start what rank is the nation with val0 silver medals ? end 
PD: start what is the gold medal count of the nation with val0 total ? end 
GT: start what is the total medal count for the nation that has val0 gold ? end 
PD: start what is the rank for the bronze with val0 bronze ? end 
GT: start how many bronze medals does the nation ranked number val0 have ? end 
Batch 168 | Validation Loss 4.269412
PD: start what is the nation with a val0 bronze ? end 
GT: start what nation has val0 bronze medals ? end 
PD: start what is the average to par , when score is " val0 " ? end 
GT: start what is the average to par , when score is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the highest to par for val0 place ? end 
GT: start what is the highest to par , when place is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start what 's the nationality of val0 with val1 as the player ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start after val1 , who was the player that has a nationality of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start after val0 , what 's the nationality of a player named val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start what 's the position when the player was val1 with a val0 nationality ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the game against the val0 with a result of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the result with an attendance larger than val0 and val1 as the opponent ? end 
PD: start what was the result of round val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the result of round val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the venue for round val0 ? end 
GT: start in which venue was round val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of top for the player with val0 top - and under val1 carries ? end 
GT: start how many top 10s belong to the team with a start of val0 and an average finish less than 16.val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the event before val0 with a position of val1 , and a year of val2 ? end 
GT: start which competition has an event of val0 , a year earlier than val1 and a position of val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the val0 competition ? end 
GT: start what is the position for the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the val0 player with a val1 position ? end 
GT: start which event has val1 position in the val0 competition ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what position is listed against a venue of val0 end 
PD: start what is the total number of games for the player with less than val0 rebounds ? end 
GT: start how many blocks are there when the rebounds are fewer than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest amount of games when the solo is val0 and the pts is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the maximum rebounds when there are val0 steals and fewer than val1 turnovers ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent before week val0 on val1 ? end 
GT: start what team was the opponent in a week earlier than val0 on june val0 , 2006 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the game on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the result for the game on val0 ? end 
PD: start what week was the game played at val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the game site week val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest date for val0 when home team is val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the highest tie no when the home team was the val0 , and the date was val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average date for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the average tie no when the date is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date when the home team was val0 , and the date is val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the tie no when then home team was val0 for the game played on val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance for the game against the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many attended the game with an opponent of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance for the game against the val0 ? end 
GT: start which opponent had val0 in attendance ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance for the game against the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the attendance of the val0 game ? end 
PD: start what is the division with a val0 of val0 and a record of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the streak for game val1 when the dolphins had val0 points ? end 
PD: start what was the division record during game val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the streak for game val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the date of the game that had a loss of val0 ? end 
GT: start how many opponents points were there on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the date of game val0 ? end 
GT: start which date has a game of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the home team that has val0 as the away team and val1 as the away team ? end 
GT: start which home team has a road team of val0 , and a result of val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the game game when they played val0 ? end 
GT: start which result has a home team of val0 , and a game of val1 ? end 
Batch 169 | Validation Loss 4.997619
PD: start what is the home team of the val0 with val0 as the road team ? end 
GT: start which road team has a home team of val0 , and a game of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the home team of the val0 with a result of val1 ? end 
GT: start which road team has a home team of val0 , and a result of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the result of the game on val0 with a road team of val1 ? end 
GT: start which date has a road team of val0 , and a result of val1 ? end 
PD: start who had the high assists when the game was played in the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the highest assists for game val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the to par of player val1 , who has a val0 place ? end 
GT: start what country is player val1 , who has a to par of val0 , from ? end 
PD: start what is the to par for val0 place player val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the to par of player val1 , who has a val0 place ? end 
PD: start what is the score of player val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the player with a val0 score ? end 
PD: start what is the to par for val0 with a score of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the to par of player val1 , who has a val0 score ? end 
PD: start what is the score of player val1 , who has a place of val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the player with a val0 place and a val1 score ? end 
PD: start what is the to par of player val1 , who has a val0 place ? end 
GT: start what is the country of player val1 with a to par of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the score of the game with a record of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game on val2 with val0 points ? end 
GT: start what is the score of the val0 home game on val2 with val1 points ? end 
PD: start what is the home team on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the date of the game in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the run 2 for val0 ? end 
GT: start which run 4 has athletes of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the final score for the val0 ? end 
GT: start which final has a team of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the run 2 for the run 2 of val0 ? end 
GT: start which run 2 has a run 1 of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the run 2 for the run 2 of val0 ? end 
GT: start which run 4 has a run 3 of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the run 2 for the run 2 of val0 ? end 
GT: start which run 4 has a run 1 of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the run 2 for the run 2 of val0 ? end 
GT: start which final has a run 2 of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the val0 after val1 in a val1 ? end 
GT: start which opponents in the val0 played after val1 and had a score of val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest year , when score is val0 , and when score is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the most recent year val0 played as a partner and score was val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the builder of trains arriving at val0 ? end 
GT: start what ship was built by val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the country of the val0 ship ? end 
GT: start what country is the val0 ship from ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the val0 val1 type val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the val0 located at val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest markatal population with a val0 rr population larger than val0 , and a total population of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest population , when % lds is val0 , and when total congregations is greater than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total population of the val0 province with a population of just val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of total congregations , when % lds is val0 , and when population is greater than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest population of the val0 with a population greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest population , when state is val0 , and when total congregations is greater than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the population of the val0 with a population less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is population , when total congregations is less than val0 , and when % lds is 0.5val0 % ? end 
PD: start who is the actor in the val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the actor in moscow who did the part done by val0 in london in 2002 ? end 
PD: start who is the storyteller in the val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the actor in london in 2002 with the shipwreck of val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the storyteller in the australian national kennel council toy dogs group breed ? end 
GT: start who was the actor in the new york production in 2006 for the row with val0 performing in moscow in 2007 ? end 
PD: start what is the portuguese pluperfect when the french title is val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the 2007 actor from moscow for the voyage of val0 ? end 
Batch 170 | Validation Loss 5.555797
PD: start who is the storyteller in the val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the 2007 actor from moscow for the shipwreck of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the affiliation of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which institution is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average enrollment for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the average enrollment of the val0 ' school ? end 
PD: start what is the affiliation of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is val0 's affiliation ? end 
PD: start who had the most points in the series where series val0 ? end 
GT: start with a val0 series , what is the high points ? end 
PD: start what is the plural preterite for the meaval0ival0 meaning val0 , and plural geval0der is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the an - stem for the word which has an ö - stems of val0 and an u - stem ending of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the latin equivalent for the period with val0 as the latin ? end 
GT: start what ending does val0 get for ön ? end 
PD: start what is the plural if the meaval0ival0 plural geval0der aval0d aval0d aval0d aval0d aval0d aval0d aval0d aval0d aval0d aval0d aval0d aval0d aval0d , and plural geval0der is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the u form of the word with a neuter form of val0 and a masculine a - ending of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the plural preterite for the meaval0ival0 meaning val0 , and plural geval0der is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the masculine an form for the word with a feminine ö ending of val0 and a masculine u ending of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the plural if the singular is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the masculine u form for the old swedish word with a neuter a form of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the to par for the val0 with a margin of victory of val1 ? end 
GT: start a tournament on which date has a margin of victory of val0 and a par of val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the to par for the val0 tournament with a val1 margin of victory ? end 
GT: start who was the runner - up in the tournament that has a margin of victory of val0 , and a to par of val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the to par for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the to par of the tournament that had val0 as a runner - up ? end 
PD: start what was the margin of victory in the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the margin of victory when val0 was runner - up ? end 
PD: start what was the winning score of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the date that has a winning score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the listing for the val0 , in val1 earlier than val1 , and a partner named val2 ? end 
GT: start what year has a schwante smaller than val0 , an eichstädt smaller than val1 , and a bärenklau smaller than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the record of game val0 , the decision was val1 , and the decision was larger than val2 ? end 
GT: start what 's the score for a game over val0 with a record of val2 with a val1 decision ? end 
PD: start list the high rebounds for series val0 . end 
GT: start what is the high rebounds with a series with val0 ? end 
PD: start who had the high assists when the team was val0 and the high assists was val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the high rebounds with a high assists with val0 , and a team of val1 ? end 
PD: start list the high rebounds for series val0 . end 
GT: start what is the series with a high rebounds with val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the d 47 when the d 47 is val0 ? end 
GT: start tell me the d 49 and d 46 of val0 end 
PD: start what is the d 47 when the d 47 is val0 ? end 
GT: start i want the d 40 with d 44 of val0 end 
PD: start what is the d 47 when the d 47 is val0 ? end 
GT: start i want the d 45 and d 42 of val0 end 
PD: start what is the d 47 when the d 47 is val0 ? end 
GT: start i want the d 46 for d 45 of val0 end 
PD: start what is the d 47 when d 47 is val0 ? end 
GT: start i want the d 47 for d 41 being val0 end 
PD: start what is the school of the val0 player from val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the name with a year of val0 , and a high school with val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the home of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the home town with a name with val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name v t e , when the jersey # is greater than val0 , and when the birthdate is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the position with a year with val0 , and a weight larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the height of the player who is val0 , and the year is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the home town with a year of val0 , and a height with val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the height of the player from val1 in val0 with a height of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the name with a year with val0 , and a home town with val1 , and a height of val2 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the match with val0 goals ? end 
GT: start what is the result for goal val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average number of games for val0 when they had more than val1 goals ? end 
GT: start what is the average ties when the team is val0 and the games played is more than val1 ? end 
Batch 171 | Validation Loss 4.549888
PD: start what is the average number of losses for the team that had val0 wins ? end 
GT: start what is the average losses when the wins is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest number of wins for the goals against less than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest goals against when the wins is less than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of goals against when the goals against is less than val0 , losses is val1 and losses is more than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of goals for when the ties is more than val0 , the goals against is more than val1 and the wins is less than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of againsts with less than val0 goals taken , and less than val1 goals ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of the losses when the goals against is less than val0 and the games played is less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the system for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the platform used for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the system for val0 ? end 
GT: start which system is named val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the system for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the system called that is named val0 ? end 
PD: start what livery has a quantity less than val0 ? end 
GT: start what are the numbers for the item completed earlier than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest quantity with a quantity greater than val0 and a quantity greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start for the item with more than val0 , and numbers of val1 , what is the lowest completed ? end 
PD: start what is the average quantity of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the quantity of the item with the numbers of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the rounds for the val0 player with a pick larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start how many reg gp for val0 in round val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the for val0 , and a round less than val1 ? end 
GT: start how many reg gp for val0 in round val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of picks for the player with a pick number less than val0 ? end 
GT: start how many rounds exist for picks under val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent after week val0 ? end 
GT: start who did the jets play in their post - week val0 game ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent before week val0 with a result of val1 ? end 
GT: start who did the jets play in their pre - week val0 game at the val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the record on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the date of the game when the canadiens had a record of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the record when the visitor was val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the visiting team at the game when the canadiens had a record of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the school of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what school did val0 attend ? end 
PD: start what is the highest pick number for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the highest val0 picked ? end 
PD: start what is the highest pick number for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest pick for a player from val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest area in val0 with a area greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the low code for val1 with a population greater than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 2nd stage for the val0 ? end 
GT: start tell me the rider with val0 points round 1 end 
PD: start what is the most number of dances for the horse val0 ? end 
GT: start tell me the most total for horse of val0 end 
PD: start what is the total when the rider is val0 and the rider is val1 ? end 
GT: start tell me the rider that had round 1 points of val1 and total more than val0 end 
PD: start what is the date of the game earlier than val0 with a high assists of val1 ? end 
GT: start what were the assists on val1 in game less than val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of game val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score of game val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the home team when the away team scored val0 and the away team scored val1 ? end 
GT: start what is val1 's home team that has an away crowd size larger than val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the date of the game where the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start when did an away team score val0 ? end 
PD: start what day did the vfl pay val0 ? end 
GT: start when was there a game at val0 ? end 
PD: start who had the high points when the high rebounds was val0 ? end 
GT: start who had the high points when val0 had the high rebounds ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game against val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the score when the team is val0 ? end 
PD: start who had the high rebounds when the game was played at val0 ? end 
GT: start who had the high rebounds when the game number was val0 ? end 
Batch 172 | Validation Loss 4.268166
PD: start what was the score of the game when the visiting team was val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score when the val0 was the visiting team ? end 
PD: start what was the record when the visitor was val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the record when the visiting team was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the number of constituency votes , when the number of electorates ( sc / st /val1 ) is less than val0 , when province is val1 , and when constituency is val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the full number of total seats with a constituency seat number bigger than val0 with the val1 party , and the regional seat number is smaller than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of seats in the val0 party , which has more than val1 seats ? end 
GT: start how many regional seats were there with the val0 party and where the number of total seats was bigger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the visitor on val0 ? end 
GT: start which team was the visitor on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the record for the game played on val1 with an attendance greater than val0 and a record of val2 ? end 
GT: start what was the date that the decision was val0 , the attendance larger than val1 , and the record val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the average draw for the place that has a draw greater than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the average draw when the place is larger than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest draw that has val0 draw and more than val1 points ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest draw when the artist is val0 and the points are larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average draw for the song val0 with a draw larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the draw that has points larger than val0 and a place larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score when the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the away team score when home team score is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the nationality of the val0 player from val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the position of the player from round val0 from val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest round for val0 from val1 in val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest rounval0 of val2 , who playeval0 position val0 from the uniteval0 states ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start who is the player from val1 who plays position val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the nhl team for val0 ? end 
GT: start which college / junior / club team ( league ) did val0 play in ? end 
PD: start what is the to par for the val0 ? end 
GT: start which date has a to par of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance on val0 ? end 
GT: start how many attended the game on val0 ? end 
PD: start what week was the game played val0 ? end 
GT: start what week is a val0 week ? end 
PD: start how many ships were made in the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many years entered service when there were val0 locomotives ? end 
PD: start what is the type of the locomotive with a quantity greater than val0 , a type of val1 , and a number larger than val2 ? end 
GT: start which locomotive had a val0 type , entered service year prior to val1 , and which was built after val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest goals against when the club is val0 , the goals against is less than val1 , and the goals stat is less than val1val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest number of wins with a goal difference less than val0 at the val1 and more than val2 played ? end 
PD: start what is the highest goals against , when played is less than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest number played with a goal difference less than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest amount of losses for the val0 position and more than val1 goals ? end 
GT: start what is the highest number of loss with a val0 position and more than val1 goals ? end 
PD: start what is the highest goals against when the position is more than val0 , losses is val1 and goals against is more than val1val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest position with less than val0 losses , more than val1 goals , and a goal difference less than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the average losses for the club with val0 goals and less than val1 losses ? end 
GT: start what is the average goal difference with val0 goals scored against and less than val1 losses ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest goals against , when points is greater than val0 , when club is val1 , and when goals against is less than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest position with val0 points and less then val1 goals when there are more than val2 played ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the final score of the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the record for the val0 before val1 ? end 
GT: start what record was set by val0 before val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest year , when notes is " val0 " ? end 
GT: start what is the earliest year for val0 to appear in the notes ? end 
PD: start what is the engine when the tyre is val0 , the val0river is val1 anval0 and the val0river is val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the engine when the rounds ar val0 , the tyre is val1 and the driver is val2 ? end 
PD: start what engine was used when the chassis is val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the entrant when the engine is val0 ? end 
PD: start what engine was used when the chassis is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the rounds when the engine is val0 ? end 
PD: start what engine has val0 as the driver ? end 
GT: start who is the driver when the engine is val0 ? end 
Batch 173 | Validation Loss 4.385491
PD: start what is the engine for the val0 engine and val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the tyre when the engine is val0 and the driver is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the engine when the tyre is val0 , the chassis is val1 anval0 and the val0river is val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the chassis when the tyre is val0 , the engine is val1 and the driver is ruval0ens val0arrichello ? end 
PD: start what is the total of the rider with a time of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the rank of the rider with time of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the athlete with a time of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the time of the rider with a val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the speed of the rider whose rider was val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the time of the rider ranked val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the best time for the rider val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the rider with a val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the school of the player from val0 with val1 ? end 
GT: start where did val0 , val1 utah mr . basketball , go to high school ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of money for the player with val0 money and more than $ val1 ? end 
GT: start how many players named val0 with earnings over $ val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total amount of money for the rank of val0 and events of val1 ? end 
GT: start how much have players earned with val0 wins ranked below val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average rank for the player with over $ val0 and more than $ val1 ? end 
GT: start how many average wins for players ranked below val1 with earnings greater than $ val0 ? end 
PD: start which constructor has laps smaller than val0 , and a time / retired of val1 ? end 
GT: start who built the car that ran val1 before val0 laps ? end 
PD: start what is the highest grid for val0 with over val1 laps ? end 
GT: start what is the high lap total for cards with a grid larger than val0 , and a time / retired of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the class of the val0 k.b.sts.b ? end 
GT: start which secr numbers have a class of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the class of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which class was made in val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the date of the game that had an attendance greater than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the date of the game when attendance is more than val0 ? end 
PD: start what day did the home team score val0 ? end 
GT: start what game showed a home team score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the away team 's score at val0 ? end 
GT: start where was the game played with an away team score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the away team 's score at val0 ? end 
GT: start what place had an away team get a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was val0 's score as the home team ? end 
GT: start which home team played the away team from val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score when the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the home teams score while playing the away team of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the away team 's score at val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score of the away team while playing at the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the engine when the tyre is val0 and the val0river is val1 ? end 
GT: start what are the rounds for the val0 tyres and val1 engine + ? end 
PD: start what chassis has val0 as the driver ? end 
GT: start what kind of chassis does val0 have ? end 
PD: start what is the engine for the val0 engine ? end 
GT: start what kind of free practice is there with a val0 engine + ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of draws for the team with more than val0 draws , val1 losses , and more than val2 points ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of matches with a loss less than val0 in the val1 season and has a draw larger than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the draw lost for the val0 , which had more than val1 points and a draw greater than val2 ? end 
GT: start what competition has a score greater than val0 , a draw less than val1 , and a loss larger than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the points when the draw is val0 , the lost is more than val1 and the goals for is more than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of the losses that a match score larger than val0 , a points score of val1 , and a draw greater than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the average rating for the episode val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the average rating for val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the record on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the record for the game on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the score of the game on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the visitor of the val0 on val1 ? end 
GT: start who was the home team when the vistor team was the val0 on val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the frequency of val0 ? end 
GT: start tell me the city of license with frequency of mhz of val0 end 
Batch 174 | Validation Loss 5.585175
PD: start what is the call sign for the val0 call sign ? end 
GT: start name the call sign for erp w of val0 end 
PD: start what is the call sign for the val0 freqeuncy ? end 
GT: start name the frequence mhz for erp w of val0 end 
PD: start what is the call sign for the val0 call sign ? end 
GT: start name the fcc info for call sign of val0 end 
PD: start what is the call sign for the val0 call sign ? end 
GT: start name the call sign for erp w of val0 end 
PD: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the date of the game that had a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game when the val0 were visitors ? end 
GT: start what was the score of the game when the val0 were the visiting team ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score with a val0 record ? end 
PD: start what is the quantity preserved for the manufacturer val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the secr number of the item made in val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team at val0 ? end 
GT: start name the venue with a home team of val0 end 
PD: start what was the home team 's score at the game played at val1 ? end 
GT: start name the home team score for larger crowd than val0 for val1 venue end 
PD: start what was the home team score when the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start when the home team scored val0 , what did the away team score ? end 
PD: start what was the home team at val0 ? end 
GT: start when the venue was val0 , who was the home team ? end 
PD: start what was the away team score when the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start when val0 was the away team , what was their score ? end 
PD: start what chassis has val0 drive ? end 
GT: start who is driver of the val0 chassis ? end 
PD: start what is the chassis for the val0 chassis driven by val1 ? end 
GT: start who is the constructor for driver val1 and a chassis of val0 ? end 
PD: start what engine did val1 drive in when val0 had the val0 engine ? end 
GT: start who is the constructor for driver val0 and a val1 engine ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the group that has a year prior to val0 , val1 , and a group of val1 , and a year of val2 ? end 
GT: start which seniors have a year before val0 , fourths ( under 14 's ) of val1 , and a reserve of val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the school in val0 , when the group is val1 , and the year is after val2 ? end 
GT: start which seniors have a year after val0 , a reserve of val1 , and fourths ( under 14 's ) of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the group that has val0 ? end 
GT: start which fourths ( under 14 's ) have seniors of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the group that has val0 ? end 
GT: start which thirds ( under 17 's ) have a reserve of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the group that has a year prior to val0 and whose school is val1 ? end 
GT: start which seniors have year before val0 , and fourths ( under 14 's ) of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest grid for val0 with under val1 laps ? end 
GT: start when val0 had laps less than val1 , what was his highest grid ? end 
PD: start what is the grid when the laps is less than val0 and the driver is val1 ? end 
GT: start how many laps did val1 drive with a grid less than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest grid for val0 with under val1 laps ? end 
GT: start what was val0 's highest grid with laps of less than val1 ? end 
PD: start how many years was val0 the award giving ? end 
GT: start how many years have a title of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the year when the producer is val0 and the award is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the country that has a music writer of val0 , written in val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the producer for the val0 ? end 
GT: start which music has the notes of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the constellation when the constellation is val0 and the constellation is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is val0 ' right ascension with a val1 ngc ? end 
PD: start what is the declination ( j2000 ) when the object type is val0 , the constellation is val1 and the constellation is val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the declination of the val0 val1 with val2 ngc end 
PD: start what is the constellation when the constellation is val0 and the constellation is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the right ascension of val0 with a val1 ngc ? end 
PD: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the decision when the visitor was val0 ? end 
GT: start which team won when the visitor was val0 ? end 
Batch 175 | Validation Loss 4.280585
PD: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the home team on val0 ? end 
GT: start which team was home on val0 ? end 
PD: start which venue has a capacity larger than val0 , and a team of val1 , and a team of val2 ? end 
GT: start what team had a capacity of over val0 , a home city of val1 , and finished the 2011 - 2012 season val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the stadium for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the home city for val0 stadium ? end 
PD: start what is the h / a of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the h / a for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of atteval0daval0ce for val0 ? end 
GT: start how many people attended on val0 ? end 
PD: start wval1at t is the val0verval0ge on the gval0me gval0me t / val0 on val1 ? end 
GT: start which dval1te hval1s vval1l0 val1s opponent val1nd val1 h / val1 of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is h / a / n , when round is greater than val0 , when result is val1 , and when kicker is val2 ? end 
GT: start which round hval1s val1ttendval1nce lval1rger thval1n vval1l0 , val1 h / val1 of val1 , val1nd val1 result f – val1 of val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the date for round val0 ? end 
GT: start which round happened on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is h / a round of val0 , and a round of val1 ? end 
GT: start wval1icval1 round val1as an opponent of val0 , and a val1 / a of val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score at val0 ? end 
GT: start who was home at val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the away team 's score at val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the away team 's score at val0 ? end 
PD: start what day did the vfl pay val0 ? end 
GT: start when was the game played at val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the away team at val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the away team when the game was at val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest score for val0 dances when the total is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the smallest place number when the total is val0 and average is less than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total average for the player with more than val0 total passengers ? end 
GT: start what is the average when the rank by average is more than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average rank for val0 place with a total less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the average place for a couple with the rank by average of val0 and total smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average rank for the person with averages over val0 , a total of val1 and a total larger than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the rank by average where the total was larger than val0 and the average was val1 with fewer than val2 dances ? end 
PD: start what is the stadium for the val0 club ? end 
GT: start which stadium was used for the val0 club ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of events , when events is val0 , and when events is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the total number of top division titles where the year founded was prior to val0 and the location was in val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the highest attendance on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the higest attendance on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of goals for val0 , and games smaller than val1 ? end 
GT: start how many games had val0 goals before val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average number of games for val0 , and games smaller than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the average games a player born on val0 and debut before val1 had ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of games for val0 , and games of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest number of games val1 , who debut in val0 , played ? end 
PD: start what is the club that has val0 goals and val1 years ? end 
GT: start what is the years at the club of the player with val0 goals and was born on val03 july 1910 ? end 
PD: start what is the points 1 when the position is val0 and the pos is val1 ? end 
GT: start during the play - off val0 which team scored position was the team that scored val1 points ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game when the home was val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the score when val0 is at home ? end 
PD: start what was the record on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the record on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the decision when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the decision when the record is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest attendance on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest attendance total on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of year , when date is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of the year for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the game after val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the location for a year later than val0 ? end 
Batch 176 | Validation Loss 5.132227
PD: start what constructor has laps amounting larger than val0 , and a driver of val1 ? end 
GT: start who is the constructor when the laps is more than val0 and the driver is val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the record when the visitor was val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the record of the game where the val0 were the visiting team ? end 
PD: start what is the socked when the frequency is val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the voltage for the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the release price of the processor with part number val0 ? end 
GT: start what part number(s ) has a frequency of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the release price of the processor with part number val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the release price ( usd ) for part number val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the release date for the processor with part number val0 ? end 
GT: start what l2 cache had a release date of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the pole position for val0 ? end 
GT: start where did the team in which val0 was in pole position race ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start who ran the fastest lap in the team that competed in val1 , in which val0 was the constructor ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 tournament ? end 
GT: start what tournament was on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the to par for the winning score of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the to par of the match with a winning score val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of episodes that were directed by val0 and had less than val1 episodes ? end 
GT: start what is the episode number of the episode that originally aired on val0 and had a production number smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what player is from val0 ? end 
GT: start who acquired val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team at val0 ? end 
GT: start where did val0 play as the home team ? end 
PD: start what was the away team score when the home team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start which home team played against the away team with a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the away team score when the crowd is larger than val0 and the home team score is val1 ? end 
GT: start which away team had more than val0 spectators and played val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team at val0 ? end 
GT: start where did val0 play as the home team ? end 
PD: start what was the away team score when the home team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what did the away team score when playing val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the record for the game before week val0 on val1 ? end 
GT: start what 's the record for val1 before week val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the game that had a val0 result ? end 
GT: start what game site has a result of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the result of week larger than val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the record after week val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the game against the val0 with a result of val1 ? end 
GT: start what 's the result at val0 when the val1 are the opponent ? end 
PD: start what is the result of the game after week val0 with a record of val1 ? end 
GT: start what 's the record after week val0 with a game site of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what audition city has a callback date of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what day has a callback venue of val0 ? question end 
PD: start what is the total of dances for the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many golden tickets for the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the class of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what class is associated with a w.a . of val0 ? end 
PD: start what liner class has a val0 class of val1 ? end 
GT: start what wa has a lner class of val1 and val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent at the game played at val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the opponent at the game site val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the away team score when the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the val0 away team score ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score when the home team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what home team has a team score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest weight of the player with a clean & jerk of val0 , and a weight ( kg ) smaller than val1 ? end 
GT: start tell me the highest snatch for val0 bodyweight and total kg less than val1 end 
PD: start what is the total number of ebit ( $ m ) , when the snatch is val0 , and snatch is val1 , and snatch is more than val2 ? end 
GT: start tell me the total number of snatches for clean and jerk more than val0 when the total kg was val1 and bodyweight was val2 end 
Batch 177 | Validation Loss 4.937038
PD: start what is the average clean that has a snatch of val0 , and a snatch smaller than val1 ? end 
GT: start name the average clean and jerk for snatch of val0 and total kg less than val1 end 
PD: start what is the chassis for the val0 chassis driven by val1 ? end 
GT: start who constructed the car that val1 raced in with a val0 chassis ? end 
PD: start what is the club when the caps is less than val0 , the club is val1 and the goals for is less than val2 ? end 
GT: start which player has a club / province of val0 , less than val1 caps , and a position of val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the total caps for val0 , and a caps of val1 ? end 
GT: start how many caps have a position of val0 , and a player of val1 ? end 
PD: start what club is val0 from ? end 
GT: start which club / province has a player of val0 ? end 
PD: start how many caps did val0 have ? end 
GT: start how many caps have a date of birth ( age ) of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the player with caps of val0 and caps of val1 ? end 
GT: start which player has a position of val0 , and a caps of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the constituency of constituency val0 ? end 
GT: start what constituency does the conservative val0 belong to ? end 
PD: start what is the result for the val0 party with val1 ? end 
GT: start in what constituency was the result val0 and liberal democrat val1 won ? end 
PD: start what was the winning score of the val0 ? end 
GT: start who has the winning score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 ? end 
GT: start who is runner(s)-up that has a date of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the margin of victory for the val0 tournament ? end 
GT: start which tournament has a margin of victory of val0 end 
PD: start what was the decision when the visiting was val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the decision of the kings game when val0 was the visiting team ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of round , when position is " val0 " ? end 
GT: start what round was the val0 drafted ? end 
PD: start what was the record when the home was val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the record when val0 is at home ? end 
PD: start what is the car # of the car with val0 starts and more than val1 starts ? end 
GT: start what were the winnings for the val0 with a number larger than val1 and scored val2 points ? end 
PD: start what is the car driven by val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the make of car val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the laps for val0 , who has more than val1 laps and more than val2 laps ? end 
GT: start what is the car number that has less than val0 laps for a val1 with more than val2 points ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of losses for the val0 team that lost more than val1 points ? end 
GT: start tell me the total number of ties for name of val0 and lost more than val1 end 
PD: start what is the total number of losses for the val0 , when the percentage opposing team is val1 , the percentage opposing is less than val2 , and the losses is more than val2 ? end 
GT: start i want the total number of ties for win % more than val0 and tenure of 2val0val01 - 2val011 with lost more than val2 end 
PD: start what was the attendance at the game that had a record of val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the record when the attendance was val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance at the game that had a record of val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the record when the attendance was val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent on val0 ? end 
GT: start who 's the opponent for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start where does val0 val1 come from ? end 
PD: start what is the position of val0 ? end 
GT: start what position does val0 play ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest lane number when the athlete is val0 and the react is greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start when a lane of val0 has a quart greater than val0val0.62 , what is the lowest heat ? end 
PD: start what was the date of the game where the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start when was a game played where the away team scored val0 ? end 
PD: start what day did the vfl pay val0 ? end 
GT: start when did the game at val0 occur ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score at val0 ? end 
GT: start where did the home team score val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the away team score when the home team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what did the away team score when playing val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance at val0 ? end 
GT: start how many people attended the game at val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the away team score when the home team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start when the home team was val0 , what did the away team score ? end 
Batch 178 | Validation Loss 4.663290
PD: start what is the fastest lap for the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the fastest lap for the val0 end 
PD: start who had the fastest lap in the val0 where val1 had pole position of val1 ? end 
GT: start name the pole position at the val1 when the fastest lap is val0 end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of laps , when fastest lap is val0 , when pole position is val1 , and when circuit is val2 ? end 
GT: start name the lowest round for when pole position and winning driver is val0 end 
PD: start what is the total number of the player with a val0 of val0 and a pick less than val1 ? end 
GT: start how many reg gp for val0 in a round less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the rank for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what organization ranks val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of year , when international is val0 ? end 
GT: start what year is the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the year for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what year for the val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the 1st leg score for the match with a val0 aggregate ? end 
GT: start what 1st leg has val0 as agg . ? end 
PD: start what is the grid for val0 with under val1 laps ? end 
GT: start what is the grid for the val1 with laps smaller than val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score when the home team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what is val0 's home team score ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance when val0 played as the home team ? end 
GT: start what is val0 's home team crowd ? end 
PD: start what is the average yards for the player with valval1 solo tackle and more than val1 solo ? end 
GT: start what is the average number of tds when the yards are less than val0 , the avg is larger than val2 , and val1 is a player ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of solo for val0 , when the is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the total avg when tds are val1 and valval1 is a player ? end 
PD: start what is the highest sack that has a solo larger than val0 , with a loss less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest number of tds when the avg is larger than val0 and the rec is less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average rank for the nation with val0 bronze , and more than valval2 bronze ? end 
GT: start what is the average gold total for nations ranked valval2 with val0 total medal and val0 bronze medal ? end 
PD: start what is the grid for the val0 ? end 
GT: start who drove the grid val0 car ? end 
PD: start what is the time / retired when the laps is less than val0 and the driver is val1 ? end 
GT: start who drive the car that went under val0 laps and val1 ? end 
PD: start how many times is the player val0 ? end 
GT: start what number of yards has val0 as an in 20 ? end 
PD: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest attendance for the game after week val0 on val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the top attendance for weeks past val0 on october val09 , 1961 ? end 
PD: start what is the week number on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the low week from val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the lowest attendance for the val0 season ? end 
GT: start what is the low attendance rate against val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the team for val0 ? end 
GT: start what team played on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the time / retired for the driver val0 ? end 
GT: start what driver has a time / retired of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the time / retired for grid val0 ? end 
GT: start what time / retired for grid val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the smallest crowd when the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the lowest crowd during the away team score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the smallest crowd at val0 's home game ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest crowd with a home team score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the away team at val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the venue of the val0 away team ? end 
PD: start what was the date of the game that had a loss of val0 ? end 
GT: start on what date is delta val0 ? end 
PD: start who won the val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the winner on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score when the home team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what did the home team of val0 score ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score when the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start if the away team scored val0 , what was the home team score ? end 
Batch 179 | Validation Loss 5.068845
PD: start what was the home team score at val0 ? end 
GT: start when the venue was val0 what did the home team score ? end 
PD: start what was the away team score when the home team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what did the away team score when they were playing val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the away team 's score at val0 ? end 
GT: start when the away team scored val0 what venue did they play at ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the position of the player from val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the position of the player from val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of val0 ? end 
GT: start what position did val0 play ? end 
PD: start what is the school of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what college did the player from val0 attend ? end 
PD: start what is the home team on val0 ? end 
GT: start on the date of val0 , who was the home team ? end 
PD: start who was the home team at the val0 game ? end 
GT: start what is the decision listed when the home was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the val0 winning driver val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the date that val0 was the drive in val1 ? end 
PD: start who is the winning driver for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the constructor when val0 was the winning driver ? end 
PD: start who had the pole position for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the pole position for the val0 end 
PD: start what day was val0 the home team ? end 
GT: start what is the date of the game between val0 and footscray ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score when the home team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start in the match where val0 was the home team , how much did they score ? end 
PD: start what was val0 's score as the home team ? end 
GT: start during val0 's home game , who was the away team ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score when the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start in the match where val0 was the away team , how much did the home team score ? end 
PD: start how many universities did val0 attend ? end 
GT: start how many years was there a team that was part of the val0 ? end 
PD: start how many games were played on val0 ? end 
GT: start how many goals were scored on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the competition when the goals against is val0 ? end 
GT: start how was the competition in which val0 goals were made ? end 
PD: start how many dates have a game of val0 , and a date of val1 ? end 
GT: start at the venue of val0 , on val1 , how many goals were scored ? end 
PD: start what is the time / retired of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the time / retired when the laps is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average total , when matches is greater than val0 , when player is " val1 " , and when league cup is greater than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the mean number of play - offs when the league number was bigger than val0 , where the player was val1 and the total number was bigger than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the average total for val0 ? end 
GT: start which mean total had val0 as a player ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest number of matches with val0 with a than val1 away leagues ? end 
GT: start which of the lowest fa trophys involved the valval1 club when the play - offs number was bigger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest league , when the league is val0 , and when the league is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start which of the lowest leagues had valval1 as a club when the play - offs number was less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average total , when team is " val0 " , when position is less than val1 , and when league is less than val2 ? end 
GT: start what mean total had a league number of val0 , valval2 as a player , and a play - offs number smaller than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the grid when the laps is more than val0 and the driver is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the grid total for val0 racing over val1 laps ? end 
PD: start what is the time / retired for the val0 with val1 laps ? end 
GT: start who built the car that went val0 laps with a time / retired of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest laps for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the high lap total for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the runner - up for the val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the val0 runner up ? end 
PD: start who is the winning driver for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the race where val0 was the winning driver ? end 
PD: start who was the winning driver for the val0 circuit ? end 
GT: start what circuit did val0 win at for the val1 ? end 
Batch 180 | Validation Loss 4.655006
PD: start what is the 2003 - 2001 value with a val0 less than val0 , a val1 party , and 2003 - 94 ? end 
GT: start what is the constituency when the swing to gain is less than val0 , the winning party 2007 is val1 and ld 's place 2007 is val2 ? end 
PD: start how many electorates are there in the val0 constituency ? end 
GT: start how many times is the constituency val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 2003 rank for the candidate with less than val0 votes and less than val1 votes ? end 
GT: start what is the constituency when the rank is less than val0 and the result is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest number of constituency , when election is less than val0 , and when province is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest rank when the constituency is val0 and the swing to gain is less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the record when the leading scorer was val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the record when the leading scorer is val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance on val0 ? end 
GT: start how many people were in attendance on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game played at val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the score at the val0 location ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the val0 competition ? end 
GT: start which competition was held at val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the finale of the season where the strongest storm was val0 and the was the val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the date of birth of the val0 from the val1 season ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the shield winnerin ) , when the is val0 ? end 
GT: start what previous club was born on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the competition on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the competition on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the competition on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the competition on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the competition for the val0 competition on val1 ? end 
GT: start where was the val0 competition on val1 played ? end 
PD: start what is the grid for the val0 with a time / retired of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the time / retired for val0 with a grid of val1 ? end 
PD: start who was the home team when the away team scored val0 and the away team scored val1 ? end 
GT: start which away team has a crowd larger than val0 , and a home team of val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team at val0 ? end 
GT: start which home team has a venue of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the result on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score of the chiefs val0 game ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the game before week val0 with a result of val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the score of the chiefs pre - week val0 game that val1 people attended ? end 
PD: start how many picks did val0 have ? end 
GT: start what 's val0 's total pick number ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the match on val0 ? end 
GT: start tell me the score on val0 end 
PD: start what is the name of the athlete with a higher than val0 ? end 
GT: start who has points larger than val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the lowest crowd at val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest crowd seen by the val0 venue ? end 
PD: start what was the away team score when the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what away team got a team score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the date of the game where the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start when was the game with val0 as away team ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of ranks for the census in millions that have less than val0 rating ? end 
GT: start what is the total ratings on share less than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the diety ) , when the is val0 ? end 
GT: start when did the person born val0 pass away ? end 
PD: start what is the age of the val0 ? end 
GT: start how old was the person born val0 at the time of disaster ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the person born in val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the game at val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the result in val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance when val0 played as the home team ? end 
GT: start which crowd has a home team of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average crowd size for the away team score of val0 ? end 
GT: start which crowd has an away team score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team at val0 ? end 
GT: start which venue has a home team of val0 ? end 
Batch 181 | Validation Loss 4.663596
PD: start what is the nationality of the val0 round ? end 
GT: start what nationality was the round val0 draft pick ? end 
PD: start what is the nationality of the val0 player from val1 ? end 
GT: start val0hat nationality is the draft pick val0ith val0 position from val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the val0 player from round val1 ? end 
GT: start what college or league val1ival1 the rounval1 val0 pick with val1 position come from ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score when the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what did the home team score when the away team scored val0 ? end 
PD: start what was val0 's score as the home team ? end 
GT: start who was the away team when val0 was the home team ? end 
PD: start what was the away team 's score at val0 ? end 
GT: start where was the game played where the away team has a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was val0 's score as the home team ? end 
GT: start what away team played against val0 as the home team ? end 
PD: start what was the away team score when the home team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what home team played an away team with a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the rank for the episode that aired on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the rank for the show aired on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the air date of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the timeslot for the episode that aired val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the rating of the episode that has val0 million viewers ? end 
GT: start what is the share of the 18 - 49 ( rating / share ) of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the rank for the episode with val0 as the 1st week and val1 as the 1st ? end 
GT: start what is the rating of the show ranked val0 , aired on val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the school with a student body larger than val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start what building shows val0 and has more than val1 floors ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the building housing before val0 with a serial number less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the status of the building for val0 with val1 floors ? end 
PD: start what is the average year that the val0 ? end 
GT: start what are the number of floors for the building of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the building housing in val0 with a serial number bigger than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the status of the building with more than val0 floor and a year of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the building housing before val0 with a serial number bigger than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the status of the building with less than val0 floors and later than val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score at val0 ? end 
GT: start which venue has a home team score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team at val0 ? end 
GT: start which home team has a venue of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the date of the game that had a loss of val0 ? end 
GT: start when did val0 lose ? end 
PD: start what is the highest area in square miles of the city of val0 , and an area ( km 2 ) larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the largest area with a code of val0 , and a region larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest decile with a val0 and a less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the largest region with a code smaller than val0 , and a name of val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the away team 's score at val0 ? end 
GT: start name the away team score for val0 end 
PD: start what was the home team score when the home team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start name the home team score for val0 home team end 
PD: start what was val0 's score as the home team ? end 
GT: start name the home team for val0 away team end 
PD: start who won the year that val0 won the women 's singles ? end 
GT: start who was the women 's singles champion in val0 ? end 
PD: start who won the men 's doubles when val0 won the women 's singles ? end 
GT: start who were the men 's doubles champions when the men 's singles champion was val0 ? end 
PD: start what county has a bridge in val0 ? end 
GT: start when was the site listed when the county is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the number of others when the val0 is val0 and the is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the cerclis i d when the site was proposed on val0 and was partially deleted on val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the number of the val0 ? end 
GT: start when was the site partially deleted when the cerclis i d is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the largest population of val0 ? end 
GT: start what band is the highest and has a system of val0 ? end 
PD: start what constructor has less than val0 laps and grid val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the constructor when there were val1 laps and a grid less than val0 ? end 
Batch 182 | Validation Loss 4.804974
PD: start what is the grid for val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the grid for val0 time / retired ? end 
PD: start what was the largest crowd at val0 ? end 
GT: start when the venue is val0 , what 's the largest crowd that attended ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score when the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start when the away team is val0 , what 's the home team score ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score when the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start if the away team is val0 , what 's the home team score ? end 
PD: start what was the smallest crowd at val0 's home game ? end 
GT: start when the home team score was val0 , what 's the lowest crowd turnout ? end 
PD: start what was the away team 's score when the away team scored val0 and the crowd was larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start if the crowd is larger than val1 and the away team score is val0 , what is the venue being played at ? end 
PD: start what was the manner of departure for the manager appointed by val0 ? end 
GT: start name the manner of departyre for val0 date of appointment end 
PD: start what is the team for the val0 , and replaced by val1 ? end 
GT: start i want to know the team that was val0 and date of vacancy was val1 end 
PD: start what is the vacancy date for the manager who left replaced by val0 ? end 
GT: start tell me the outgoing manager for val0 date of vacancy end 
PD: start what is the name of the manager who played val0 ? end 
GT: start tell me the outgoing manager for val0 end 
PD: start what was the manner of departure for the manager appointed by val0 ? end 
GT: start tell me the manner of departure for val0 date of appointment end 
PD: start what is the date for the val0 ? end 
GT: start when did the val0 race ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the race that val0 won on val1 ? end 
GT: start what day did val0 win the val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the race that has val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start what circuit was the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the competition for the val0 competition on val1 ? end 
GT: start on which date was the val1 in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the val0 competition in val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the final score of the val1 competition in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the match at val0 ? end 
GT: start on which date was the match in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of laps for bikes manufactured by val0 , grid number under val1 , and a time of retired of val2 ? end 
GT: start how many laps did val2 do on a grid larger than val0 , and when was the time / retired of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the constructor when the constructor is val0 and the constructor is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the time / retired of val1 who was driving a val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the type of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what status is the vehicle types of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the type of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what livery has a status of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the status of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what status is the vehicle numbers of val0 ? end 
PD: start what city is val0 from ? end 
GT: start which city is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the best bowling best lady in val0 , and notable of val1 ? end 
GT: start when was val1 's first season in first division with a promotion after val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the largest crowd when the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the largest crowd with away team score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team 's score when the away team scored val0 and the crowd was larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the away team with a crowd greater than val0 , and a home team score of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total crowd when the home team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total of crowd with home team score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team at val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the home team for val0 ? end 
PD: start what was val0 's score as the home team ? end 
GT: start which home team has a away team of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game against the val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the opponent with a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent when the val0 were the opponents ? end 
GT: start who is the opponent with a save of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest grid for val0 with under val1 laps ? end 
GT: start what is the top grid that laps less than val1 and a retried val0 ? end 
Batch 183 | Validation Loss 4.318822
PD: start what is the highest laps for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the top lap that had a val0 time ? end 
PD: start what is the highest grid with a val0 and less than val1 laps ? end 
GT: start what is the top grid that val0 lapped less than val1 ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start what opponent does she fight when she is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest round of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest number of rounds for a val0 fight ? end 
PD: start what day was val0 the home team ? end 
GT: start what day is val0 at home ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance when val0 was the away team ? end 
GT: start what is the listed crowd when val0 is away ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score at val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the home team 's score at val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the opponent on val0 ? end 
GT: start tell me who was the opponent on val0 end 
PD: start what is the score of the game against the val0 on val1 ? end 
GT: start name the score when the opponent was the val0 on val1 end 
PD: start what is the sum of the pick that has val0 as the player ? end 
GT: start what is the number of the pick for round val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest pick number for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the largest pick in round val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the position of the player for val0 school ? end 
PD: start who is the 8th when the play er is val0 ? end 
GT: start who gave the play by play commentary with studio host val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 8th when the media club is val0 ? end 
GT: start were the color commentators who worked with val0 doing the play - by - play ? end 
PD: start what play has val0 as the play - by - play announcer , val1 as the colour commentator ? end 
GT: start who did the play - by - play with studio host val0 and color commentator val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the network that has a year prior to val0 and a play - by - play by val1 ? end 
GT: start who did the play - by - play on the val0 network before val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the val0 awards ? end 
GT: start what 's the award for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the result for the val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start which award was val1 for in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the result of the song prior to val0 ? end 
GT: start what were the results before the year val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 2nd leg of the match with a 1st leg of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the 2nd leg of the val0 team ? end 
PD: start what was the 1st leg score for the match where val0 was team 1 ? end 
GT: start what is the 1st leg where team 1 is val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the 1st leg score for the match where val0 was team 1 ? end 
GT: start what is the 1st leg where team 1 is val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the partner on val0 ? end 
GT: start who played on a val0 surface ? end 
PD: start what was the away team score when the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what is val0 's score as an away side ? end 
PD: start what was the away team score when the home team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start whom is the home team when the away team score is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average year for the val0 award ? end 
GT: start what is the average year of the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the pick numbers from the val0 player from val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the sum total of picks for val1 players from the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest pick number for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest pick number for players from val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the visitor when the home is val0 and the attendance is more than val1 ? end 
GT: start who was the home team while val0 was visiting while having an attendance above val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest erp with a val0 erp ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest frequency where the hemholtz pitch is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the scientific pitch when the helmholtz pitch is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 circuit val1 ? end 
GT: start what company constrcuted the vehicle with a circuit of val0 on val1 ? end 
Batch 184 | Validation Loss 4.291639
PD: start what is the date for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the race on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date for the val0 circuit ? end 
GT: start what is the circuit held on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what date was the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date for the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the date for race title val0 end 
PD: start what is the name of the race that val0 is the team ? end 
GT: start name the team for val0 end 
PD: start what is the bowling style of val0 ? end 
GT: start who has a bowling style of val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the gagarin for the best 3-year period ? end 
GT: start what first class team does val0 play for ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player born on val0 ? end 
GT: start when was val0 born ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player born on val0 ? end 
GT: start when was val0 born ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the game that had a val0 result ? end 
GT: start what was the venue where the result was val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game with a result of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score of the match with a val0 result ? end 
PD: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the score of the match on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the venue of the val0 competition ? end 
GT: start what is the venue of the val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the score of the match on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the venue of the val0 competition ? end 
GT: start what is the competition at the val0 venue ? end 
PD: start what is the average lost for the team with more than val0 draws , val1 points , and more than val2 draws ? end 
GT: start what is the average against score of all teams with less than val0 losses , more than val1 draws , and val2 points ? end 
PD: start what is the fewest points when the club is val0 and drawn is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest number of points of any team with less than val0 draws and less than val1 matches played ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the points for the team with less than val0 points ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of the points of all teams that had against scores less than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what construction completed on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the away team at val0 ? end 
GT: start what away team played at val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score when the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start which away team has a home team score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was val0 's score as the home team ? end 
GT: start what home team has an away team of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score when the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start which home team has an away team of val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the wednesday performer for the episode val0 ? end 
GT: start which tuesday does val0 air ? end 
PD: start who is the wednesday performer for the episode val0 ? end 
GT: start which series airs saturday on val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the wednesday performer for the episode val0 ? end 
GT: start which thursday does val0 air ? end 
PD: start what is the highest lost when the difference is val0 and the goals against is less than 18val02 ? end 
GT: start what is the most lost games for the team with a difference smaller than val1 and points of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average lost for the val0 team that has points larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the average points for a team that lost val0 and played more than val1 games ? end 
PD: start what is the highest drawn that has a difference of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest difference for the team that had less than val0 draws ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of bronze when silver is less than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of bronze when the total is less than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the gold when the nation is val0 and the country is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the full amount of total for valval1 when the number of gold is less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what rank is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the name of rank val0 ? end 
Batch 185 | Validation Loss 4.548510
PD: start what is the average rank for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the rank of rmax rpeak ( pflops ) of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the fastest lap for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the tyre on the race where val0 had the fastest lap ? end 
PD: start what is the constructor for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the constructor at the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date for the val0 circuit ? end 
GT: start what is the date of the circuit of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the tyre of the val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the tyre for the circuit of val1 , which had val0 as the fastest lap ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 winning driver val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the date of the circuit of val1 , which had val0 as the winning driver ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player with a game of val0 ? end 
GT: start what game did val0 play in ? end 
PD: start what is the weekly rank for the episode aired on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the weekly rank for living when the air date is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the viewers for the episode val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the episode with the val0 viewers ? end 
PD: start what is the rank for the episode that had val0 viewers ? end 
GT: start how many viewers for the episode with the weekly rank for living of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the away team 's score at val0 ? end 
GT: start which away team score has a venue of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score when the home team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start which home team score has a home team of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team at val0 ? end 
GT: start which venue has a home team of val0 ? end 
PD: start what school is val0 from ? end 
GT: start which school is in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the college of val0 ? end 
GT: start which college does val0 play for ? end 
PD: start what is the height of the player who is val0 ? end 
GT: start which height is associated with val0 ? end 
PD: start what tall is val0 ? end 
GT: start how tall is val0 ? end 
PD: start what school is val0 from ? end 
GT: start which school is in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the val0 ? end 
GT: start during which round was a hawkeyes player selected for the val0 position ? end 
PD: start what is the highest pick number for val0 who had a pick greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the latest round that val1 was selected with a pick higher than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest width of the val0 troop carrier , and a year larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start when is the earliest began operation with a length of val0 and over val1 stations ? end 
PD: start what is the average width of the val0 troop carrier in meters ? end 
GT: start what is the average operation beginning with a length of val0 and over val1 stations ? end 
PD: start what is the craft used on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the nationality of the ship val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the methyl red reading for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the tonnage grt of the ship val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest tonnage on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the most tonnage grt of any ship sunk or captured on val0 ? end 
PD: start how many reserves tonnage grt is the val0 and the val1 is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the total tonnage grt of the val0(s ) sunk or captured on val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the rank of the nation with a than val0 silvers and more than val1 silver ? end 
GT: start what rank has a gold smaller than valval1 , and a silver larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the year of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what year was the line of val0 completed ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which line is the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date for round val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the date with a round with val0 ? end 
PD: start what venue has val0 as the opponent , and val1 as the opponent ? end 
GT: start what is the opponent with a round with val0 , and a venue of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the result of the game on val1 with val0 as the opponent ? end 
GT: start what is the date with an opponent with val0 , and a result of val1 ? end 
Batch 186 | Validation Loss 4.679165
PD: start which round has an opponent of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the round with a opponent with val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the result of the game on val1 with val0 as the opponent ? end 
GT: start what is the date with a opponent with val0 , and a result of val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the venue on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the venue with a date with val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest br number for the val0 in a val1 , and withdrawn withdrawn , and more than val2 in the ? end 
GT: start what is the smallest withdrawn value with a gnri greater than val0 , name of val1 and was rebuilt before val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the attendance of the val0 game that had an attendance of val1 ? end 
GT: start where was the val0 played with val1 attending ? end 
PD: start what is the opponent of the game against val0 ? end 
GT: start what stadium had an opponent of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the time / retired for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the time / retired for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what pitch is located at val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the english name of the location in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the location of the val0 pitch ? end 
PD: start what is the report for the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the report for val0 end 
PD: start what is the report for val0 ? end 
GT: start name the report on val0 end 
PD: start what is the report for the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the report for val0 end 
PD: start what is the date for the val0 circuit ? end 
GT: start name the date for val0 end 
PD: start what is the catalogue number for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the catalogue on val0 ? end 
PD: start what label released a val0 ? end 
GT: start name the label for val0 end 
PD: start what is the catalogue number for val0 ? end 
GT: start name the val0 catalogue end 
PD: start what is the format for val0 ? end 
GT: start name the date that is a val0 end 
PD: start what is the region for val0 ? end 
GT: start name the region for val0 end 
PD: start what is the catalogue number for the val0 region ? end 
GT: start name the catalogue for val0 end 
PD: start which season has val0 as the player , and val1 as the player ? end 
GT: start what player is ranked val0 and played in the seasons of 198val0–83 , 1983–84 , 1984–85 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of ranks for the val0 player with a rank above val1 ? end 
GT: start how many rankings are associated with val0 holding over val1 titles ? end 
PD: start what was the home team that scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what home team has had a crowd bigger than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of crowd(s ) when the away team score is val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the total size of the crowd when the away team scored val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the away team at val0 ? end 
GT: start what venue had val0 play at it ? end 
PD: start what was the away team score at val0 ? end 
GT: start how much did the away team score at val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the census population of the municipality with an area larger than val0 sq miles and a population of val1 ? end 
GT: start what municipality has val1 people and is larger than val0 km2 ? end 
PD: start what is the total area for val0 with a population of val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the region for val0 with val1 km2 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest area with a name of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is val0 lowest area in km2 ? end 
PD: start what is the average population of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the km2 area for the population of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the population of buddhist population ? end 
GT: start what type has a population of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the largest crowd when the home team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the largest crowd size that watch a game where the home team scored val0 ? end 
Batch 187 | Validation Loss 5.368226
PD: start what was the away team score when the home team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the score of the away team that played home team val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average crowd size for the away team score of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the average crowd size of the away team who scored val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the link with a norris that is val0 ? end 
GT: start what source has a knight of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the rich savage when the d 47 is val0 ? end 
GT: start what lanier has a cardwell of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date for the val0 polling firm ? end 
GT: start what martin is on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the link with a norris that is val0 ? end 
GT: start what source has a cardwell of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the result for the val0 polling firm ? end 
GT: start what martin has a lanier of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the queens where the val0 polling firm is val0 and the head is val1 ? end 
GT: start what cardwell has an val0 and a knight of val1 end 
PD: start what is the height of the player from val0 with a height of val1 ? end 
GT: start how much did the val0 , nicknamed val1 , weigh at birth ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 software ? end 
GT: start what nickname has the meaning of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the height of the player from val0 with a height of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the nickname of the val0 who weighed val1 at birth ? end 
PD: start what is the weight of the val0 denominations ? end 
GT: start how much did the baby who name means val0 weigh at birth ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the diety val0 ? end 
GT: start val0 is what gender ? end 
PD: start what is the height of the player who is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the nickname of the baby with the birth weight of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the set 3 with a val0 set 3 and val1 ? end 
GT: start for a date of val0 and a time of val1 , what is the corresponding set 3 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the match that had a time of val0 ? end 
GT: start what score has a time of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of yards with less than val0 sets ? end 
GT: start how many tds are there were the long is smaller than val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the winner of the val0 with odds of val1 ? end 
GT: start who is the winner when the trofeo fast team is val0 in stage val1 ? end 
PD: start who is the trofeo fast team when stage val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the trofeo fast team in stage val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the trofeo fast team when stage val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the trofeo fast team in stage val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the stage with a 250 cc of val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the points classification in stage val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the winner of stage val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the stage when the winner is val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score when the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start which away team has a home score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score when the home team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start which home team has a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the away team score when the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start how many spectators were at the game when the away team scored val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score when the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start which away team played the home team when they scored val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the finish when the manufacturer is val0 and the start is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start who was the maufacturer of the vehicle during the race where cale yarborough started at val1 and finished earlier than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of year(s finish with a finish of val0 and a year larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the smallest finish time for a race after val0 with a car manufactured by val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest finish with a finish bigger than val0 , starts of val1 , and a total larger than val1val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the smallest finish time for a race where start was less than val2 , val1 was the manufacturer , and the race was held after val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance for the game wehre val0 ? end 
GT: start what home team had an attendance record of val0 ? end 
PD: start what cataglogue has a catalogue of val0 ? end 
GT: start tell me the track that has the catalogue of val0 end 
PD: start what is the sum of the track that has val0 track ? end 
GT: start i want the sum of tracks for val0 end 
Batch 188 | Validation Loss 5.490078
PD: start what is the release date of the val0 release date val1 ? end 
GT: start tell me the time for val0 release date and song title of val1 end 
PD: start what is the track title for the track composed by val0 , the track val1 , and the track number is more than val2 ? end 
GT: start tell me the recorded for time of val2 and released date of val1 with track more than val0 end 
PD: start what is the release date of the val0 release date val1 ? end 
GT: start tell me the release date record on val1 and a time on val0 end 
PD: start what catalogue has a track smaller than val0 , and a label of val1 ? end 
GT: start name the catalogue that has tracks less than val0 and the release date of val1 end 
PD: start what is the stage with the val0 course and the val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the opening date of the val0 at the val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the venue that has a capacity of val0 ? end 
GT: start what opening date has a capacity of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average rank for the with under val0 wins ? end 
GT: start on average , how many wins have a rank lower than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of money with a rank under $ val0 and under $ val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest level of earnings($ ) to have a wins value of val0 and a rank lower than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of earning , when money ( $ ) is greater than val0 , when player is " val1 " , and when rank is greater than val2 ? end 
GT: start in total , how much did the val0 player val2 earn with wins lower than val1 and a rank that was higher than val3 ? end 
PD: start what state is val0 from ? end 
GT: start what state did val0 belong to ? end 
PD: start what state is val0 in ? end 
GT: start in what state was the electorate val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the school for the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what position does the player from val0 play ? end 
PD: start what is the highest number of years for val0 ? end 
GT: start who has the high assists in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the word count that is named val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of forms forms with a calculated bigger than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total word count with a subframe count greater than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of laps for grid less than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total grid with laps less than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the time / retired for grid less than val0 and laps of val1 ? end 
GT: start how much time is required for less than val0 laps and less than val1 grids ? end 
PD: start what was the venue of the game that had a goal of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the venue for goal number val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the airing date for the val0 with a than val1 episodes and a finale on val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the airing date when the number of episodes was larger than val0 and had the genre of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average share for val0 , and a artist of val1 ? end 
GT: start what are the number of episodes when the genre is val0 and the highest average ratings points are val1 ? end 
PD: start what artist had a mintage of val0 , and a year of issue of val1 ? end 
GT: start what year was val1 's theme that had an issue price of val0 released ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of pieces for boards that were founded after val0 and had an issue price of val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the total mintage for years after val1 that had a val0 theme ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance when the home team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start how many people attended the game with the home team scoring val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance when the home team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start how large was the crowd with a home team score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance when val0 was the away team ? end 
GT: start how many people attended the game where val0 was away ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of broadcasts for the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many pages associated with val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the home team that has a crowd of val0 and a venue of val1 ? end 
GT: start what team played at val1 to a crowd of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of crowd(s when the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start how big was the crowd of the team that scored val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the away team at val0 ? end 
GT: start what home team played at val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the away team 's score at val0 ? end 
GT: start what away team played at val0 ? end 
PD: start what day did the vfl pay val0 ? end 
GT: start on what date did the match at val0 take place ? end 
PD: start what day was val0 the home team ? end 
GT: start what wa the date of the val0 home game ? end 
Batch 189 | Validation Loss 4.315168
PD: start what was the lowest crowd at val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the lowest crowd size at val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the opponent on val0 ? end 
GT: start who did the tampa bay buccaneers play on val0 ? end 
PD: start what week was the game played val0 ? end 
GT: start on what date was tampa bay 's week val0 game ? end 
PD: start what week was the game played val0 ? end 
GT: start what week was it on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the largest gold when silver is more than val0 , silver is more than valval2 , and silver is more than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the most gold medals a team with less than val0 silvers , more than val1 total medals , and less than val2 bronze medals has ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the gold when the nation is val0 and bronze is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the number of bronze that val0 , which has less than val1 total medals , has ? end 
PD: start what is the average number of gold medals for the nation with val0 bronze and more than val1 bronze ? end 
GT: start what is the average silver medals a team that has val0 gold and more than val1 bronze has ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of gold medals when silver is less than val0 , silver is more than valval2 , and when the total is more than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of bronze a team with more than val0 silver , a total of valval2 medals , and less than val2 gold medal has ? end 
PD: start what is the highest rank for the val0 with less than val1 bronze ? end 
GT: start what is the highest rank a team with val0 silver and less than val1 bronze medals has ? end 
PD: start what is the highest pl gp for a player with a val0 pl gp ? end 
GT: start what 's the highest pl gp with a reg gp over val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the val0 in val1 on val2 ? end 
GT: start on val2 , what was the winning score by the val1 in val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the winning score of the match where val0 was the winning team ? end 
GT: start who won by a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the score on val0 with road team val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the score on val1 when the val0 los ? end 
PD: start what was the score on val1 with val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score of the game at val0 on val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the away team score at val0 ? end 
GT: start where did the away team score val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the away team score when the home team is val0 and the away team score is val1 ? end 
GT: start when a home team scored val0 and the away team scored val1 , what was the away team ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the crowd for the val0 home game ? end 
GT: start what is the total crowd size when a home team scored val0 versus val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average grid for val0 with over val1 laps ? end 
GT: start what is the average grid for val0 going over val1 laps ? end 
PD: start what was the method of resolution for the fight against val0 with a val1 result ? end 
GT: start which res has a method of val0 and an opponent of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the record for the event of val0 , and a record of val1 ? end 
GT: start which record has the res of val0 with the event of val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the lowest attendance at a game with a record of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the attendance where the record was val0 ? end 
PD: start what show is on at 9:00 when val0 is on at 9:00 and val1 is on at 9:00 ? end 
GT: start what is at 10:00 when at 9:00 it is val0 and at 8:30 it is val1 ? end 
PD: start what show is on at 9:00 when val0 is on at 9:00 and val1 is on at 9:00 ? end 
GT: start what is at 9:00 when at 10:00 it is val0 and at 9:30 it is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the 9:30 program airing on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is at 9:30 when at 8:30 it is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is on at 9:00 when the 9:00 showing val0 ? end 
GT: start what is at 10:00 when at 9:00 it is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is on at 8:30 when val0 is on at 9:00 ? end 
GT: start what is at 10:00 when at 8:30 it is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is on at 8:30 when val0 is on at 9:00 ? end 
GT: start what is at 8:00 when at 8:30 it is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the largest gold when silver is less than val0 , silver is val1 , and when the total is less than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the largest total for a team with fewer than valvalval2 bronze , val2 silver and valval2 gold medals ? end 
PD: start what is the highest gold when silver is more than val0 , and bronze is more than valval2 , and when the rank is val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the largest total for a team with valval2 bronze , val2 gold medals and ranking of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of bronze when silver is less than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the number of bronze medals when there are fewer than val0 silver medals ? end 
Batch 190 | Validation Loss 5.068868
PD: start what is the largest total for a nation with val0 silver ? end 
GT: start what is the highest number of silver medals for a team with total less than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the hometown of val0 ? end 
GT: start which player is from val0 ? end 
PD: start what player is from val0 ? end 
GT: start which college is val0 playing for ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the player from val0 with a conf . ? end 
GT: start what college has a position of val0 and val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what position is for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what position is for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the hometown of val0 ? end 
GT: start which hometown has a player of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest number of byes for the team with val0 losses and less than val1 byes ? end 
GT: start what is the most byes with val1 wins and fewer than val0 againsts ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of draws for the team with val0 draws and less than val1 byes ? end 
GT: start what are the draws when wins are fwewer than val0 and byes fewer than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest draws when the losses are val0 and the losses are less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what are the fewest draws with less than val0 losses and val1 is the tallagatta dfl ? end 
PD: start what is the total losses for the val0 against val1 ? end 
GT: start what are the losses when there are val0 wins and more than val1 against ? end 
PD: start what was the decision when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the decision of the red wings game when they had a record of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the d 47 when d 47 is val0 ? end 
GT: start which r 51 o value corresponds to a d 42 o value of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the d 47 when d 47 is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the value of d 43 o that has a corresponding r 53 + value of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the d 47 when d 47 is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the value of d 42 o that has an r 53 + value of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest pick number for the val0 player from round val1 ? end 
GT: start what 's the highest round that val0 drafted into when their pick was over val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest round for val0 ? end 
GT: start where 's the first round that val0 shows up during the draft ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest population of the val0 administrative school with less than val1 in population in val1 ? end 
GT: start val1 has less than val2 regions and is a val0 municipality , what is their population ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest population of the val0 , which has less than val1 km and a mep less than val2 ? end 
GT: start val1 is sval0aller than val2 kval0 ^ 2 , what is the population of this type val0 val0unicipality ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest decile with a val0 municipalities and a callsign of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the code for a val0 municipality that has val1 or more regions ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the val0 ? end 
GT: start where was the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest 1st prize ( $ ) , when score is less than val0 , and when money is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the purse for the tournament with a winning score of val0 , and a 1st prize of under $ val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of crowd(s when the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total crowd number for the team that has an away team score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the date of the game where the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what date is listed for the team that has an away team score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the away team 's score at val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the venue for the team that has an away team score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score when the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the home team score for the away team of val0 ? end 
PD: start what day did val0 play as the away team ? end 
GT: start on what date the val0 's away game ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the game on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the date of the game with a result of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the date of the game that had a goal of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the date of the game with a goal of val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent on val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the opponent on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the record on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the team 's record on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the val0 competition in val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the competition when the result is val0 in val1 with a score of val2 ? end 
Batch 191 | Validation Loss 5.083530
PD: start what is the competition for the val0 competition , and a date of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the date for the game in val0 for the val1 competition ? end 
PD: start what is the result of the val0 competition in val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the competition in val0 with the result val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the year when the date is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the val0 competition in val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the score when the result is val0 , the year is val1 and the competition is val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the game with a game number greater than val0 , and a game number of val1 ? end 
GT: start how many attended the game on val1 after over val0 games ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of high assists when the team is val0 and the high assists is val1 ? end 
GT: start what numbered game featured a high rebounds of val0 , and a high assists of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest 2000 value with a position greater than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the most sales by a song with a position higher than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the song val0 , who has less than val1 % ? end 
GT: start what were the sales for val1 when he was in a position lower than val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game when the val0 were the home team and the val1 were the visitors ? end 
GT: start which home team had a visitor of val0 with a score of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the batting team of the val0 , which has val1 as the captain , and val1 as the captain ? end 
GT: start which team is number val0 and had a franchise in val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the player from val0 , in the val1 position , and the player is val2 ? end 
GT: start who was the player in position val0 on the val1 and retired in val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the llws when the 2007–08 is val0 ? end 
GT: start how many years did the team in slot number val0 have a franchise ? end 
PD: start what is the highest number of matches for the val0 season with a best score less than val1 ? end 
GT: start tell me the highest matches for point val0 and final rank less than val1 end 
PD: start what is the average rank for the player with more than val0 sets and more than val1 points ? end 
GT: start tell me the average final rank for loe more than val0 and point less than val1 end 
PD: start what is the average lost for the val0 team that has a goal difference greater than val0 , a lost entry of val1 , and a loss less than val2 ? end 
GT: start i want the average lose for lost point more than val0 and goal difference less than val1 and point less than val2 end 
PD: start what is the total number of points for the val0 season , who had more than val1 draws and more than val2 points ? end 
GT: start i want the total number of matches for draw less than val0 and lost point of val1 with lose more than val2 end 
PD: start what is the highest number of points for the val0 team that lost less than val1 ? end 
GT: start tell me the highest point with lost point being val0 and league point less than val1 end 
PD: start what is the time / retired for grid val0 , and laps larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start how many laps for a grid larger than val0 with a time / retired of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average grid for val0 , with a time / retired of val1 , and laps larger than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the average grid that has over val0 laps , a time / retired of val1 , and val2 driving ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest grid with more than val0 laps and a val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the low grid that has val0 and over val1 laps ? end 
PD: start what city has a frequency mhz larger than val0 ? end 
GT: start what city has larger than val0 as a frequency ? end 
PD: start what is the average frequency mhz of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the frequency mhz for the station with a call sign of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the type of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what class is the city of val0 ? end 
PD: start which call sign has a frequency mhz larger than val0 , and a call sign of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the fcc frequency for the station val1 which has a frequency mhz larger than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the grid for val0 ? end 
GT: start what grad has a time / retired of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest grid with more than val0 laps and a val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the low lap total for val1 with a grad larger than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest grid with more than val0 laps and a time / retired of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the low lap total for a grid larger than val1 and has a time / retired of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the track composed by val0 with a val1 ? end 
GT: start name what was published in val1 with a setting of val0 end 
PD: start what is the theme when the printing process is val0 ? end 
GT: start name the publication date when the fictional date is val0 end 
PD: start what is the title of the val0 progran song that is suppoted ? end 
GT: start name the title when the main characters are val1 and the published in of val0 end 
PD: start who was the runner - up after val0 when the was the val1 ? end 
GT: start what club has over val0 runners - up and last won the final in 20val00 ? end 
Batch 192 | Validation Loss 5.106555
PD: start what club has less than val0 draws , val1 ? end 
GT: start how manywins for val1 that has a total final appearances less than val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance when val0 was the away team ? end 
GT: start what was the crowd size of the match featuring val0 as the away team ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score when the home team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what score did the home team of val0 get ? end 
PD: start what was the date of the game where the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start when the away team scored val0 , what was the date of the game ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score when the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start when the away team scored val0 , what was the home teams score ? end 
PD: start what was val0 's score as the home team ? end 
GT: start which home team played the away team of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the method of the match against val0 with a time of val1 ? end 
GT: start what method had val1 as an opponent and a time of val0 ? end 
PD: start how many rounds did the val0 have when he went val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of rounds when val1 was the opponent and the time is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the val0 competition ? end 
GT: start what competition is located in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the val0 game against val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the score from the game where val0 is the opponent at val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average number of the player for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the mean road number when val0 is the player ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of pl gp for the val0 player with a pick number bigger than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the sum number of pl gp when the pick number is val0 and the road number is bigger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the pick # , when player is " val0 " , and when pick is greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of pl gp when the pick number is valval1 and the reg gp is bigger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what position did the player from val0 play ? end 
PD: start what was the date of week val0 ? end 
GT: start what day did they play before week val0 ? end 
PD: start what bello the black of val0 with a val1 of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the cons for lib dem of val0 and a lead of val1 end 
PD: start what kerry 's the   semi - hossein mousavi when the mohsen rezaee rezaee was val0 ? end 
GT: start i want the lead for others being val0 end 
PD: start what is the governors 1950 when the general 1950 is val0 ? end 
GT: start i want the plaid cymru for val0 end 
PD: start what is the number of others when the party is val0 and the duration is val1 ? end 
GT: start i want the plaid cymru for polling organisation / client of val0 for val1 end 
PD: start what is the host when the val0 is val0 and the eliminated is val1 ? end 
GT: start name the others for cons of val0 and lead of val1 end 
PD: start what is the governors 1950 when the general 1950 is val0 ? end 
GT: start tell me the dates conducted for plaid cymru of val0 end 
PD: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the date of the game with a val0 as the visitor ? end 
GT: start what were the tries on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the goals for val0 ? end 
GT: start what were the goals on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the grid for val0 ? end 
GT: start tell me the laps for val0 grids end 
PD: start what was the away team score when the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the away team score for val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score when the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the home team score for the team that played val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the evening gown scores where the swimsuit score is val0 and the average score is higher than val1 ? end 
GT: start tell me the sum of interview for evening gown more than val1 and average of val0 end 
PD: start what is the evening gown scores where the swimsuit score is less than val0 , interview score is val1 , and swimsuit scores less than val2 ? end 
GT: start name the total number of swimsuits for evening gowns less than val1 and average of val2 with interview less than val0 end 
PD: start what swimsuit score has a swimsuit larger than val0 , and swimsuit score of val1 , and a evening larger than val2 ? end 
GT: start name the state with an evening gown more than val0 and interview less than val2 and swimsuit less than val1 end 
PD: start what is the milepost rank of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total stellar mass of the type val0 ? end 
Batch 193 | Validation Loss 5.586831
PD: start what is the highest sfc in lb/(lbf·h ) , when the ( > ) is less than val0 , and when the minor ( global ) is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest planetary mass having an rv ( cm / s ) of val0 and a period ( days ) less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest width of the farm with a height ( m ) greater than val0 , a val1 type , and a group number of bearers larger than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the smallest period ( days ) to have a planetary mass of val0 , a stellar mass greater than 0.2val0 and of the type val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the average of the algorithm with val0 , and a less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the average word count with val0 and subframes lesser than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the strongs that has a number of val0 and a genes greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the page count and word count greater than val0 with bits of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the values of the values of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total subframe count with bits of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of atteval0daval0ce when attendance is val0 ? end 
GT: start how many attended tie number val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the home team that has a tie no larger than val0 , and a away team of val1 ? end 
GT: start who was the away team in a tie no larger than val0 with val1 at home ? end 
PD: start what was the highest attendance for the game that had val0 as the home team ? end 
GT: start what is the highest attendance for games with val0 at home ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest height in meters for the building with a height in m greater than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest height for parent val0 when it has a prom larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the length of the group that has more than val0 kg and a certification of val1 ? end 
GT: start which class is peak val1 when it has a prom larger than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the height in meters for the group that was before val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start which parent has height smaller than val0 and a prom of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest swimsuit score , when interview is less than val0 , and when interview is val1 ? end 
GT: start who had the lowest interview score from val0 with an evening gown less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest evening gown score with contestant val0 , and an evening gown score larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest average of the contestant from val0 with an evening gown larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average preliminary for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the average interview score from val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest swimsuit score , when interview is less than val0 , when interview is val1 , and when interview is less than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest evening score of the contestant with an evening gown less than val0 , from val1 , and with an average less than val2 has ? end 
PD: start what is the highest swimsuit score , when interview is greater than val0 , and when interview is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest swimsuit score of the contestant with an evening gown larger than val0 and an interview score less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest swimsuit score of the contestant who had an evening gown score of val0 and an average score of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest average of the contestant with an interview of val0 and an evening gown bigger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the average crowd size at val0 ? end 
GT: start how many attended the game at val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the away team score when the home team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest number of students from val0 with less than val1 students ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest year joined in the city of valval1 at the conference championships smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the most recent year for the val0 conference and val1 was the conference ? end 
GT: start what is the latest year joined with a conference championships of val0 , and an institution of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 conference and val1 as the name ? end 
GT: start what is the year joined with a conference championships of val0 , and a nickname of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest operating system with a val0 model ? end 
GT: start which is the smallest total produced with a model of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the date of the game that had an attendance greater than val0 ? end 
GT: start name the date for attendance more than val0 end 
PD: start what is the d 47 when d 47 is val0 ? end 
GT: start name the d 47 when it has a d 45 of val0 end 
PD: start what is the d 47 when d 47 is val0 ? end 
GT: start name the d 47 when it has a d 41 of val0 end 
PD: start what is the d 47 with a d 47 of val0 , and a d 47 of val1 ? end 
GT: start name the d 47 when it has a d 48 of val0 and d 42 of val1 end 
PD: start what is the d 47 when d 47 is val0 ? end 
GT: start name the d 48 when it has a d 44 of val0 end 
PD: start what is the d 47 when d 47 is val0 ? end 
GT: start name the d 44 when it has a d 46 of val0 end 
PD: start what is the model of the engine val0 , a val1 model , and is from val2 ? end 
GT: start tell me the model with fuel or propulsion of val0 and val1 manufacturer in val2 end 
PD: start what is the sum of the forms for the val0 earlier than val1 ? end 
GT: start name the sum of quantity for before val0 model val1 end 
PD: start what is the number of the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the fleet series with a quantity of val0 end 
Batch 194 | Validation Loss 4.994089
PD: start what is the date for the val0 ? end 
GT: start when was the val0 race held ? end 
PD: start who was the winner of the val0 circuit ? end 
GT: start which driver won the val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the winner for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the name of the driver that won the val0 race ? end 
PD: start what is the commissioned date of the val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the clerk when the highway commissioner was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the year for the val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the supervisor in the year val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the diety ) , when the is val0 ? end 
GT: start when val0 was val0 , who was the highway commissioner ? end 
PD: start what is the total of the total with a total less than val0 ? end 
GT: start how many snatches were there with a total of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the event with a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start what event has a val0 snatch rate ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest total , when the is less than val0 , when shooter is less than val1 , and when black is less than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest total that had less than val0 snatches , val1 events and less than val2 clean & jerk ? end 
PD: start what is the total of the val0 events with a forbes less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the total that had an event of val0 and clean & jerk less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average attendance for the val0 vs. val1 game ? end 
GT: start what was the average attendance when the decision was val1 and val0 were the visitors ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest week number for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest attendance for week val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the intermediate sprints ( rank ) of the val0 ? end 
GT: start tell me the shuttle run with grade val0 end 
PD: start what is the shuttle rank for the col ( m ) of val0 ? end 
GT: start tell me the val0.4 km run for points less than val0 end 
PD: start what was the highest attendance on val0 ? end 
GT: start on val0 , what was the most in attendance ? end 
PD: start what is the decision of the game on val1 with val0 as the visitor ? end 
GT: start on val1 , who had the decision of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the grid for val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the time of the driver on grid val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the grid for val0 with a time / retired of val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the retired time on someone who had val0 laps on a grip of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest laps that has a time / retired of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the fewest laps for somone who finished val0 ? end 
PD: start what day did the vfl pay val0 ? end 
GT: start on which date was a game played at val0 ? end 
PD: start what day was val0 the home team ? end 
GT: start on which date was val0 the home team ? end 
PD: start what was the record on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the record on the game that was played on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of yards for val0 , when the value for tackles is less than val1 , td 's is val1 and the is more than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the average for valval2 with over val0 reception and under val0 td ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest sack with a solo larger than val0 , and an avg / g larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start how many receptions for players with over val0 yards and an under val1 yard average ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score at val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the home teams score at val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team at val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the home team at the venue val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the highest attendance at the game where val0 was the home team ? end 
GT: start what is the highest attendace of the game with the val0 as the home team ? end 
PD: start what was the record on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the record of the game on val0 ? end 
PD: start who directed the val0 in the val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the winner and nominees for the movie directed by val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the original title of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the original title for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the original title of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the original title of val0 ? end 
PD: start who directed the val0 film ? end 
GT: start who was the director of val0 ? end 
Batch 195 | Validation Loss 4.679518
PD: start what is the name of the val0 in round val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the nationality of the val1 in round val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score from the game played on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the away team score when the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start in the game where the away team score is val0 , who was the away team ? end 
PD: start what was the away team score at val0 ? end 
GT: start which venue did the away team score val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score when the home team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start in the game where the home team scored val0 , who was the home team ? end 
PD: start what is the spanish word for wine glass in val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the scale of disaster for the val0 ? end 
PD: start what year was val0 international ? end 
GT: start how many people were assisted in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the year for the val0 ? end 
GT: start which year did val0 undergo a disaster ? end 
PD: start what is the chinese name for the val0 ? end 
GT: start in the disaster in which val0 people were helped , what was the nature of help ? end 
PD: start what is the school of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the pick number of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the round for pick val0 ? end 
GT: start which round is pick val0 in ? end 
PD: start what is the highest pick number for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest pick from val0 ? end 
PD: start how many picks were there for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total pick number from round val0 ? end 
PD: start how many picks did val0 have ? end 
GT: start what is the total pick number for a val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is val0 's position ? end 
PD: start what is the club when the caps is val0 and the player is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the club or province of val1 , who has val0 caps ? end 
PD: start what is the club when the caps is less than val0 , the club is val1 and the goals for is less than val2 ? end 
GT: start which val2 player has fewer than val0 caps and plays the val1 position ? end 
PD: start what is the club for the val0 player val1 ? end 
GT: start which player val1 from val1 is a val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the time / retired when the laps is less than val0 and the driver is val1 ? end 
GT: start what was time / retired with less than val0 laps and val1 points ? end 
PD: start what is the average laps for val0 with over val1 points ? end 
GT: start how many average laps for val0 with more than val1 points ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of week , when result is val0 , and when attendance is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what sum of attendance has a week smaller than val0 , and a result of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest week for the val0 with a result of val1 ? end 
GT: start which week has a result of val0 , and an attendance smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest week for the val0 with an attendance greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start which attendance has an opponent of val0 , and a week larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team at val0 ? end 
GT: start where did val0 play as the home team ? end 
PD: start what was val0 's score as the home team ? end 
GT: start who was val0 's home opponent ? end 
PD: start what was the home team at val0 ? end 
GT: start where did val0 play as the home team ? end 
PD: start what is the date of appointment for the manager appointed by val0 ? end 
GT: start when was the appointment date for the manager replaced by val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the appointment day on val0 ? end 
GT: start when is the appointment date for outgoing manager val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the appointment day on val0 ? end 
GT: start when was the appointment date for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of appointment for the manager who replaced by val0 ? end 
GT: start when was the departure date when a manager was replaced by val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 awards ? end 
GT: start in val0 which sport had the year award ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of laps for grid val0 with a grid number of val1 ? end 
GT: start how many laps did val0 do with a grid larger than val1 ? end 
Batch 196 | Validation Loss 5.100597
PD: start what is the grid when the laps is more than val0 and the driver is val1 ? end 
GT: start how many laps did val1 do on grid val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the grid for the val0 ? end 
GT: start val0 was the driver in which grid ? end 
PD: start what is the grid for val0 ? end 
GT: start how many laps were there in grid val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the away team score when the home team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start when val0 was the home team , what was the away team score ? end 
PD: start what was the home team 's score when the match where the was the home team ? end 
GT: start when the crowd was larger than val0 . what was the home team score ? end 
PD: start how many games were played at val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the total number for the bulls when they were at val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest rank for val0 with under val1 golds ? end 
GT: start where does val0 rank with under val1 silvers ? end 
PD: start what is the highest rank for nations with over val0 bronze and more than val1 bronze ? end 
GT: start how many bronzes for nations with over val0 golds and ranked under val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total when the gold is val0 ? end 
GT: start how many golds for the nation with val0 total ? end 
PD: start what is the average bronze when silver is more than val0 and the nation is val1 ? end 
GT: start how many bronzes for val1 with over val0 silvers ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest engine with val0 points and less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the earliest year that had under val1 points and a val0 engine ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest points that has a chassis of val0 , and a year larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the low point total after val1 with an val0 chassis ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of bronze medals when the silver medals is less than val0 , and the total is more than valval2 ? end 
GT: start how many golds for nations with over val0 silvers , over val1 total , and over val2 bronze ? end 
PD: start what is the highest pick number for val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the highest pick # for the college of val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times was the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the pick # for the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest pick number for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the pick # for val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game against the val0 ? end 
GT: start who did the rockies play at the game that had a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the compression ratio whre for the engine with a scenario of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the maximum power of engine code val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the attendance of the game with a result of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the combined attendance of all games that had a result of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the constellation that has a trident version of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of ngc numbers for constellation val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the object type when the right ascension ( is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the apparent magnitude of a val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of ngc number with a apparent magnitude greater than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total of apparent magnitudes for an ngc number larger than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the percentage of the candidate raised in the county where val0 is the candidate ? end 
GT: start tell me the money raised when 2q has total receipts of val0 end 
PD: start what is the percentage of bush when the candidate was val0 ? end 
GT: start tell me the total receipts for val0 end 
PD: start what is the percentage of the candidate with val0 bush ? end 
GT: start name the money raised when 2q has money spent and 2q is val0 end 
PD: start what is the money ( in the 2q when the candidate was val0 ? end 
GT: start name the money spent for 2q having candidate of val0 end 
PD: start what is the percentage of the county where the percentage is val0 ? end 
GT: start name the loans received for 2q having total receipts of val0 end 
PD: start what was val0 's score as the home team ? end 
GT: start when val0 was the away team , what was the home team ? end 
PD: start what was the largest crowd at val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the largest crowd size at val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the away team score when the away team scored val0 on val1 ? end 
GT: start when did the away team val1 score val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the locomotive with a quantity of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the work number for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average quantity of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the average building year for val0 ? end 
Batch 197 | Validation Loss 4.437980
PD: start what is the average rebs for val0 , with a rebs over val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the average rebounds for players from val0 and over val1 assists ? end 
PD: start what is the highest number of tackles for players with under val0 appearances and val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest number of assists for players that are val0 and have under val1 rebounds ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game against the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score in the match against val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the tournament on val0 ? end 
GT: start what tournament was held on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest grid with val0 laps and a val1 ? end 
GT: start who has the low lap total in a val0 with grid val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest round of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest round number with a time of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the record for the match that lasted val0 ? end 
GT: start which record has a time of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the result for round val0 with a round less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the result for rounds under val0 against val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the average crowd size for the him val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the average crowd size when the home team is val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team at val0 ? end 
GT: start which venue is the one for the val0 home team ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest year that had val0 viewers ? end 
GT: start which year is the lowest when the viewers are val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the year of the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many ratings did the val0 year have ? end 
PD: start what is the weekly rank for the val0 network ? end 
GT: start which network has val0 viewers ? end 
PD: start what is the rating of the rank is more than val0 , the year is val1 and the year is later than val2 ? end 
GT: start what lap - by - lap has val1 as the pre - race host , a year larger than val0 , and val2 as its ratings ? end 
PD: start what is the weekly rank for the val0 network ? end 
GT: start which network has val0 viewers ? end 
PD: start what is the time / retired for val0 with a grid under val1 , under val2 laps ? end 
GT: start who was driving the val0 with a grid smaller than val1 , and a time / retired of val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the average grid for val0 , under val1 laps , and under val2 laps ? end 
GT: start what 's the average grid for a val1 with less than val0 laps , and a time / retired of val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest grid with more than val0 laps , val1 laps , and val2 manufacturer ? end 
GT: start what were the lowest laps of val2 driving a val0 with a grid larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score of the mariners game when they had a record of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the record on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the date of the mariners game when they had a record of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance at the game that had a record of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the attendance of the mariners game when they had a record of val0 ? end 
PD: start what player is from val0 ? end 
GT: start what college did val0 go to ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what college did the val0 go to ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the position of the player that went to val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent on val0 ? end 
GT: start which opponent 's march was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the game after january val0 with a game number greater than val1 and the opponent was val2 ? end 
GT: start which score 's game was less than val0 when the march was bigger than val1 and the opponents were the val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the opponent before february val0 with a game number val1 ? end 
GT: start which opponent 's game was less than val0 when the march was val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score when the home team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what was val0 's score as the home team ? end 
PD: start what was the away team at val0 ? end 
GT: start where did val0 play as the away team ? end 
PD: start what is the time / retired when the laps is more than val0 , the grid is val1 , and the laps is more than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the time / retired for val2 with over val0 laps and a grad smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the season premier with val0 as the season ? end 
GT: start what was relegated in the val0 season ? end 
PD: start what is the season for season val0 ? end 
GT: start what season was val0 promoted ? end 
Batch 198 | Validation Loss 4.211925
PD: start what was the win percentage when the val0 season ? end 
GT: start what was relegated in the 2nd division of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the win percentage when the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the 1st division when the 2nd division is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the pali word for val0 ? tibetan ? end 
GT: start what show has a val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the video ratio on the val0 progran ? end 
GT: start what animal was val0 for tv series and was a val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest number of tropical lows for the val0 season and val1 tropical ? end 
GT: start what is the smallest season for a tv series with a val0 and val1 was the species ? end 
PD: start which video has a season larger than val0 , and a test judge of val1 , and a test impact of val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the mate for last appearance of bully , bully , bully ( 3xval03 ) for the animal named val2 later than season val0 ? end 
PD: start how many grids have val0 laps ? end 
GT: start how many grids for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest grid for val0 with a val1 constructor ? end 
GT: start what is the high grid for val0 's with val1 laps ? end 
PD: start what driver has a grid greater than val0 and a time of val1 ? end 
GT: start who drove the car with over val0 laps with a grid of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 tournament ? end 
GT: start when was the tournament at val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the surface of the val0 tournament ? end 
GT: start what kind of surface was the tournament at val0 played on ? end 
PD: start what was the surface of the val0 tournament ? end 
GT: start what kind of surface was the tournament at val0 played on ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game against the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score of the tournament against val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the record on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the date that ended in a record of val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the visitor when the home was val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the home team when the visiting team was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the nhl team for val0 ? end 
GT: start what college / junior / club team ( league ) did val0 play for ? end 
PD: start what week has a result of val0 ? end 
GT: start when is the last week that has a result of a val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the method of the match with a time of val0 and a time of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the method where there is a val0 with time val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the time of the match with a time of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the method when the time was val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance when val0 was the away team ? end 
GT: start what was the crowd when the away team is val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score at val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the home team score at val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score when the home team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score for val0 at home ? end 
PD: start who had the high assists when the team was val0 ? end 
GT: start how many high assists did the val0 have ? end 
PD: start what is the result of the val0 competition on val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the result of the val0 that was played on val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the competition on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the name of the competition that took place on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the result on val1 with val0 as the partner ? end 
GT: start during the val0 on val1 , what was the venue where the match was played ? end 
PD: start what is the average grid for val0 , with a time / retired of val1 , and laps larger than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the average number of laps that has a time / retired of val0 , a driver of val1 , and a grid larger than val2 ? end 
PD: start which constructor has laps larger than val0 , a constructor of val1 , and a grid larger than val2 , and a time of val3 ? end 
GT: start what constructor has under val0 laps , a time / retired of valval2 , a grid larger than val2 , and val3 driving ? end 
PD: start what is the grid for val0 with a time / retired of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the time / retired with val0 laps and a grid val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the away team score when the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what away team scored val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score at val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the venue for the home team that scored val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the away team score when the home team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what did the away team score when the home team was val0 ? end 
Batch 199 | Validation Loss 4.980433
PD: start what was the away team at val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the away team at val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the away team at val0 ? end 
GT: start what team played away at val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the home team that has a crowd of val0 and a venue of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the home venue of val1 with a crowd larger than val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the away team score when the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what did val0 score while away ? end 
PD: start what was the home team 's score when the home team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start which home team scored val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team 's score when the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the home team in the game where val0 was the away team ? end 
PD: start what was the home team at val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the home team that played in val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team 's score when the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start in the game where the home team scored val0 , who was the away team ? end 
PD: start what was the largest crowd at val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the highest crowd in val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance when val0 was the away team ? end 
GT: start how many people were in the crowd with the away team being val0 ? end 
PD: start what was val0 's score as the home team ? end 
GT: start name the away team for val0 end 
PD: start what was the home team 's score when the away team scored val0 and the away team scored val1 ? end 
GT: start i want to know the home team score of the away team of val1 that has a crowd more than val0 end 
PD: start what is the largest grid for val0 with a time / retired of val1 , and laps larger than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the largest number of laps with a grid larger than val0 , a time / retired of val1 , and a driver of val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the average grid for val0 with under val1 laps ? end 
GT: start which grid has less than val0 laps , and a time / retired of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the grid of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of grids for val0 ? end 
PD: start how many grids have val0 laps ? end 
GT: start how many grids does val0 have ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest grid with a val0 constructor ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest grid with val0 as constructor ? end 
PD: start what catalogue has a val0 result and a val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the catalogue number for the song that is val1 and was released val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest track for the song val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest track for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the catalogue title for the val0 label ? end 
GT: start what is val0 's catalogue number ? end 
PD: start what is the release date of the val0 release date val1 ? end 
GT: start which song was released val0 with a time of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of laps for val0 ? end 
GT: start how many laps did val0 have ? end 
PD: start which constructor has a grid less than val0 , laps under val1 , and a time / retired of val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the driver with a grid less than val0 , laps smaller than val1 and a time / retired of val2 , and a constructor of val3 ? end 
PD: start what is the grid of the val0 , which has a time / retired of val1 , and laps less than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the grid number with less than val0 laps and a time / retired of val1 , and a constructor of val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the average grid for val0 , under val1 laps , and under val2 laps ? end 
GT: start what is the average laps for a grid smaller than val0 , and a constructor of val1 , driven by val2 ? end 
PD: start what was the away team 's score at val0 ? end 
GT: start when the away team scored val0 , which venue did the game take place ? end 
PD: start what was the away team 's score at val0 ? end 
GT: start when the venue was val0 , what was the away team score ? end 
PD: start what was the home team 's score when the home team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start when the home team of val0 played , what was their score ? end 
PD: start what is the draw for the team that lost val0 games and lost ? end 
GT: start tell me the lost with tie of val0 and drawn of val1 end 
PD: start what is the draw for the team that has val0 points ? end 
GT: start name the tie that has val0 drawn end 
PD: start what is the draw for val0 , and val1 points ? end 
GT: start i want to know the drawn that has a tie of val0 and the player is val1 end 
PD: start what is the draw for the team that has val0 points ? end 
GT: start i want to know the tie for drawn of val0 end 
Batch 200 | Validation Loss 5.755930
PD: start what is the name of the school in val0 , and the name val1 ? end 
GT: start what name shows as val0 authority and val1 local board ? end 
PD: start what is the school in val0 with a decile of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the name when the local board is val0 , and a decile of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the roll number of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the suburb with a roll of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the gender of the school with a decile larger than val0 , a roll of val1 , and a decile larger than val2 ? end 
GT: start what gender has a local board of val0 with a roll of more than val1 and decile of val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the city of the building in val0 with a than val1 floors and a date of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the status of the val2 building that is over val0 stories in val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the height of the building with a height of val0 ? end 
GT: start how tall is the val0 story building ? end 
PD: start how many different numbers of cantons are listed for the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many stories is the val0 building ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from val0 with val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the nationality of val1 , who played val0 games ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the nation that has val0 as the arena ? end 
GT: start what is the nationality of the player who played val0 games ? end 
PD: start what rank is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is val0 's rank ? end 
PD: start what is the nationality of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is val0 's nationality ? end 
PD: start what is the highest attendance of the season with val0 as the away team ? end 
GT: start what was the highest average attendance in the val0 season ? end 
PD: start what is the venue when the is less than val0 and the val1 is val1 ? end 
GT: start what 's the total attendance in val1 when the average attendance was smaller than val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance for the game that had a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the average attendance of the league with a total attendance of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average points of the val0 player with a pts / w less than val1val1 , and a score of val2 ? end 
GT: start can you tell me the average points that has a pts / game larger than val0 , and the nation of val1 , and the games smaller than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest number of games played that have more than val0 games ? end 
GT: start can you tell me the lowest pts / game that has the games larger than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of points when the team is val0 and the goals is more than val1 ? end 
GT: start can you tell me the lowest pts / game that has the name of val0 , and the points larger then val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of points with more than val0 points , val1 points , and more than val2 pims ? end 
GT: start can you tell me the lowest games that has the pts / game larger than val0 and the points of val1 , and the name of val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the original air date of the episode titled val0 ? end 
GT: start for the val0 episode , what was the original air date ? end 
PD: start what is the production code for episode # val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the lowest production code value in series # val0 ? end 
PD: start what semimajor axis ( au ) has a mass of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the absorbtion ( in nanometers ) of the color val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the compression ratio whre for the val0 engine with a compression ratio of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the absorbtion ( in nanometers ) of the color val0 with an emission of val1 nm ? end 
PD: start what is the compression ratio whre for the semimajor axis of val0 ? end 
GT: start which emission ( in nanometers ) has an absorbtion of val0 nm ? end 
PD: start what is the compression ratio whre for the engine with a val0 fuel ? end 
GT: start which emission ( in nanometers ) that has a molar mass of val0 g / mol ? end 
PD: start what is the ε ( m −1 cm −1 ) when the ( m 3 /p / s ) is val0 ? end 
GT: start which ε ( m -1 cm -1 ) has a molar mass of val0 g / mol ? end 
PD: start what was val0 's score as the home team ? end 
GT: start what was the away team that played against val0 ? end 
PD: start what day was val0 the home team ? end 
GT: start on what date was the val0 home match ? end 
PD: start what is the competition on val0 ? end 
GT: start on what date did the val0 competition take place ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance for the game that had an val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the attendance of the game at val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the result of the game on val1 with a val0 result ? end 
GT: start what was the result of the game at val0 on val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance during week val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the attendance in week val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent on val0 ? end 
GT: start which opponent was played on val0 ? end 
Batch 201 | Validation Loss 5.821500
PD: start what is the position of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the number for the player that has a val0 position ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the val0 competition in val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the venue for the val1 competition and score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
GT: start name the score for val0 end 
PD: start what is the competition on val0 ? end 
GT: start name the date of the val0 end 
PD: start what was the date of the game that had an attendance of over val0 ? end 
GT: start what date were there more than val0 people in attendance ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance when val0 played as the home team ? end 
GT: start during val0 's home game , what was the number of people in the crowd ? end 
PD: start what is the total crowd when the home team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start in the match where the home team scored val0 , how many attendees were in the crowd ? end 
PD: start what is the largest crowd when the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start in the match where the away team scored val0 , how many peopel were in the crowd ? end 
PD: start what is the constructor of the car driven by val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the time / retired for constructor val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the laops when the laps is val0 ? end 
GT: start how many laps does val0 have ? end 
PD: start what is the grid for val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the time / retired for a grid of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the time / retired of the val0 with val1 laps ? end 
GT: start how many laps does val1 have with a time / retired of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the laops when the laps is val0 ? end 
GT: start how many laps does val0 have ? end 
PD: start what is the grid for val0 ? end 
GT: start what grid has val0 laps ? end 
PD: start what day did the home team score val0 ? end 
GT: start on what date did a home team score val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score when the home team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start which home team has a home team val0 ? end 
PD: start what day did the vfl pay val0 ? end 
GT: start on what date was a game played at val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the away team at val0 ? end 
GT: start where does val0 play ? end 
PD: start what was the away team at val0 ? end 
GT: start where did val0 play ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score when the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start which home team had the away team score val0 against them ? end 
PD: start what was the home team at val0 ? end 
GT: start which team plays at val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the average crowd size when the home team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start how many people witnessed their home team score val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the average crowd size when the home team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the average crowd attendance for val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the away team score when the away team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start which away team scored val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent in the final where the outcome was val0 ? end 
GT: start name the outcome for val0 being opponent in final end 
PD: start who was the opponent in the final where the outcome was val0 ? end 
GT: start name the outcome that had an opponent in final of val0 end 
PD: start what is the visitor of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which partner was on val0 ? end 
PD: start what driver has less than val0 laps and a grid of val1 ? end 
GT: start when laps are less than val0 and val1 is the driver , what is the grid ? end 
PD: start what is the grid when the laps is more than val0 ? end 
GT: start what driver has a grid greater than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the laops for the val0 with val0 laps ? end 
GT: start when the driver val1 has a constructor of val0 , what is the number of laps ? end 
PD: start what is the average laps for grid val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the average grid for the competitiors who had laps smaller than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the q1 order with a val0 and a lap number bigger than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the average grid for competitors who had more than val1 laps and time / retired of val0 ? end 
Batch 202 | Validation Loss 4.968707
PD: start what is the average grid for val0 with more than val1 laps ? end 
GT: start what was the average amount of laps for competitors with a grid that was more than val1 and a time / retired of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the away team at val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the away team that played at val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the away team at val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the away team that played at val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the away team at val0 ? end 
GT: start in what venue was the hosted away team val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home team at val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the home team at val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the final score on val0 ? end 
GT: start i want to know the final score for val0 end 
PD: start what is the final score on val1 with a score of val0 ? end 
GT: start tell me the final score for val0 for val1 end 
PD: start what is the decision of the game at val0 with a visiting team of val1 ? end 
GT: start tell me the host team for val0 and visiting of val1 end 
PD: start what was the visiting team on val0 ? end 
GT: start tell me the date for val0 end 
PD: start what was the visiting team on val0 ? end 
GT: start tell me the visiting team for val0 end 
PD: start what was the visiting team for the game at val0 ? end 
GT: start i want to know the stadium for val0 visiting end 
PD: start what is the highest grid for val0 with under val1 laps ? end 
GT: start when the driver is val1 and laps is less than val0 , what is the highest grid ? end 
PD: start what is the time / retired for the constructor val1 , who has a grid of val0 , and a laps larger than val2 ? end 
GT: start when grid is less than val1 , laps are greater than val0 , and time / retired is val2 , who is the constructor ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest grid with a val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the smallest grid for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of losses for the player with more than val0 goals and more than val1 goals ? end 
GT: start how many losses did the team with val0 goals for andmore than val1 games played have ? end 
PD: start what is the average number of ties for the goals against is less than val0 , losses is val1 and losses is more than val2 ? end 
GT: start for teams with fewer than val0 wins , goals against over val1 , and fewer than val2 games played , what is the average number of ties ? end 
PD: start what is the goals for when the goals against is val0 ? end 
GT: start for teams with val0 wins , what is the number of goals against ? end 
PD: start what is the highest number of top-1val1s for the goals against is more than val0 and losses are more than val1 ? end 
GT: start for teams with more than val1 ties and goals against of valval1 , how many wins were tallied ? end 
PD: start what is the year for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what year was the the val0 a winner ? end 
PD: start what is the year for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what actor won in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the year for the val0 ceremony ? end 
GT: start what are the notes in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the year for the val0 ? end 
GT: start in what year had the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the year for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what year did actor val0 get nominated for an award ? end 
PD: start what is the grid for val0 with a time / retired of val1 ? end 
GT: start tell me the time / retired for laps of val0 and grids of val1 end 
PD: start what is the laops when the laps is val0 ? end 
GT: start i want the driver that has laps of val0 end 
PD: start what is the position of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the position of val0 ? end 
PD: start what club / province has a caps larger than val0 , and a caps of val1 ? end 
GT: start which player has a cap larger than val0 and clubs of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the years for the player with a caps ? end 
GT: start what is the birthday of caps of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the match that had a result of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the result when the score is val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times is the competition val0 and the score is val1 ? end 
GT: start how many goals when the score is val1 in the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the grid for the val0 ? end 
GT: start i want the driver for grid of val0 end 
PD: start what is the position of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which school has a val0 ? end 
Batch 203 | Validation Loss 5.769328
PD: start how many picks were taken in round val0 ? end 
GT: start in which round is pick number val0 ? end 
PD: start how many rounds were val0 ? end 
GT: start which round was val0 picked in ? end 
PD: start what is the school for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what pick did val0 choose ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the shield winnerin where the mls cup is val0 ? end 
GT: start when tujunga is val0 , what is la crescenta - montrose ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the bowler where the record is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the percentage of la canada flintridge when tujunga is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the shield winnerin where the mls cup is val0 ? end 
GT: start when pasadena is at val0 , what is la crescenta - montrose ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the shield winnerin where the mls cup is val0 ? end 
GT: start when la crescenta - montrose has val0 , what is tujunga ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the 2009–10 vs. zerg in the val0 where the denim demons is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the figure for tujunga when pasadena is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the bowler where the record is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the figure for la canada flintridge when pasadena is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the party of the incumbent val1 with a than val0 votes ? end 
GT: start who was firest elected in val0 in a district larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the governors 1950 when the general 1950 is val0 ? end 
GT: start what district for val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the away team at val0 ? end 
GT: start where did val0 play as the away team ? end 
PD: start what was the home team score when the home team scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what was val0 's score as the home team ? end 
PD: start what was val0 's score as the home team ? end 
GT: start who was val0 's away opponents ? end 
PD: start what is the most recent year that val0 was the runner - up ? end 
GT: start in which year is the highest for runner - up val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest goals against when the position is less than val0 , the goals against is less than val1 , goals against is less than val2 , and the club is val3 ? end 
GT: start which played has draws smaller than val0 , and goals for smaller than val1 , and goals against smaller than val2 , and a position of val3 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of goals against competitions that have more than val0 goals ? end 
GT: start how many goals against have played more than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of losses for the val0 team that has less than val1 wins ? end 
GT: start which losses have a goal difference of val0 , and less than val1 wins ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest goals against when the goals against is less than val0 , the club is val1 , and the goals against is more than val1val1 ? end 
GT: start which wins have a goal difference larger than val0 , and goals against larger than 4val0 , and a position smaller than val2 , and a club of val3 ? end 
PD: start what place is val0 in ? end 
GT: start what place did player val0 take ? end 
PD: start what is the to par for the place of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the to par of the golfer that placed val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of player val0 ? end 
GT: start which player had a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the place of player val1 , who has a score of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the highest score of val0 place finisher val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total when the event is val0 ? end 
GT: start which event had a total of val0 ? end 
PD: start what week had an attendance of val0 ? end 
GT: start how many weeks was there an attendance of val0 ? end 
PD: start what week had an attendance of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the latest week with an attendance of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance for the game against the val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the opponent when the attendance is val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance on val0 ? end 
GT: start what day was the attendance val0 ? end 
PD: start what was week val0 's result ? end 
GT: start what was the result for week val0 ? end 
PD: start what tournament has a outcome of val0 , and a date of val1 ? end 
GT: start who are the opponents in the final prior to val0 in the val1 tournament ? end 
PD: start what is the official name of the municipality whose name is val0 ? end 
GT: start which parish has an area of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total population in millions for the val0 administrative headquarters that has a population of val1 or more ? end 
GT: start what is the area of the parish with a population larger than val1 and a census ranking of val0 ? end 
Batch 204 | Validation Loss 4.807180
PD: start what song is linked to volume : val0 ? end 
GT: start when the position is less than val0 , what is the appeared on album ? end 
PD: start what is the average year for val0 position ? end 
GT: start after val0 , what is the average position ? end 
PD: start what is the to par for val0 place player val1 ? end 
GT: start which to par has a place of val0 , and val1 is in ? end 
PD: start what is the place of the player with a score of val0 and a score larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start name the place of val0 with a score larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the country of player val1 , who has a score of val0 ? end 
GT: start name the score val0 of val1 in united state ? end 
PD: start what is the to par of player val1 , who has a val0 place ? end 
GT: start who has a to par of val0 , and a country of val1 ? end 
PD: start what number of laps for val0 with a grid of val1 and a grid of less than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the time of val2 with more than val0 grids , val00 laps ? end 
PD: start what number of laps for val0 with a grid of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the time of val1 with less than val0 grids ? end 
PD: start what is the torque of the engine with a torque of val0 ? end 
GT: start which torque has a model of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the headphone with a val0 engine ? end 
GT: start which engine has a model of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the headphone with a val0 engine ? end 
GT: start which engine has a model of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the division east when the division is val0 ? end 
GT: start who won division southwest when val0 won division north ? end 
PD: start what is the division east when the division is val0 ? end 
GT: start who won division west when division north was won by val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the division for the val0 division and the division east of val1 ? end 
GT: start who won division north when division southwest was won by val0 and division west by val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the division for the val0 division and the division east of val1 ? end 
GT: start who won division southwest when the winner of division north was val0 and division south was won by val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of yds / att that has val0 , and a rank above val1 ? end 
GT: start what are the minutes of the player from val1 club with a rank of val0 or larger ? end 
PD: start what was the result for the val0 awards ? end 
GT: start for what award was there a nomination for val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the category in val0 ? end 
GT: start what year was val0 nominated ? end 
PD: start what was the category in sheridan smith for val0 ? end 
GT: start what year saw an award in the category of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the result for the val0 category ? end 
GT: start name the performance nominated for a val0 . end 
PD: start who was the nominee for the val0 category ? end 
GT: start in what category was val0 nominated ? end 
PD: start what was the category for the val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start what year was there a nomination for val1 at the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average goals for , when points is greater than val0 , when goal difference is " val1 " , and when draws is less than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the average draws , when goal difference is greater than val0 , when goals against is val1 , and when points is greater than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the average against when the club is val0 and the drawn is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the average played , when club is " val0 " , and when draws is less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest goals against , when club is " val0 " , and when goals for is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest goals against , when club is " val0 " , and when played is less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the place of player val1 , who has a score of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is val0 place player val1 's score ? end 
PD: start what is the place of the player with a score of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the place of the player with a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the time of the match with a time of val0 , a year larger than val1 , and a location of val0–7 , and a test larger than val3 ? end 
GT: start what venue has a year smaller than val0 , time larger than val1 , competition of val2 , and event of val3 ? end 
PD: start what is the event when the year is val0 , the event is val1 , and the venue is val2 ? end 
GT: start what event has a position of val0 , a year of val1 , and a venue of val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what position has a time of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest year , when event is val0 , and when event is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the greatest time with a year of val0 , and event of val1 ? end 
PD: start who was the runner - up on val0 ? end 
GT: start when was the match that had val0 as runner - up ? end 
Batch 205 | Validation Loss 6.206678
PD: start who was the winner in the val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the winner in the match that had val0 as runner - up ? end 
PD: start what is the interface of the val0 transcription val0 ? end 
GT: start what is pronunciation spelled free , when pronunciation spelled checked is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the example of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is letter , when example spelled checked is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the interface of the val0 transcription val0 ? end 
GT: start what is pronunciation spelled free , when pronunciation spelled checked is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the link of the val0 software ? end 
GT: start what is pronunciation spelled checked , when example spelled checked is " val0 " end 
PD: start what is the example of the val0 software ? end 
GT: start what is example spelled free , when example spelled checked is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the interface of the val0 transcription val0 ? end 
GT: start what is pronunciation spelled free , when pronunciation spelled checked is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the highest singapore cup when the is more than val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the largest tie when the g.p was more than val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the highest attendance for the val0 season ? end 
GT: start what is the highest number in attendance against the game val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average week for the gaime with an attendance less than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the attendance for the game against the val0 earlier than week val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of week val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the result later than week val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest to par , when player is " val0 " , and when total is greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest to par of val0 , with more than val1 total ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of draws for the club with more than val0 draws , more than val1 goals , and more than val2 goals against ? end 
GT: start how many wins have goals against smaller than val0 , and goals for larger than val1 , and draws larger than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of draws for the club with less than val0 draws and less than val1 goals ? end 
GT: start how many draws have val0 points , and less than val1 goals against ? end 
PD: start what is the average number of wins for the val0 club , which had more than val1 goals and more goal difference of val1 ? end 
GT: start which wins have a goal difference larger than val0 , and a club of val1 , and played larger than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest number of losses for the club with val0 losses and less than val1 played ? end 
GT: start which played has a club of val0 , and less than val1 losses ? end 
PD: start what is the to par for the place of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is thval0 placval0 numbval0r for thval0 playval0r with a to par scorval0 of ' val0 ' ? end 
PD: start what is the to par for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the to par score for the player from val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the to par of player val1 , who has a val0 place ? end 
GT: start which player from val1 has a to par score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the country of player val1 , who has a val0 place ? end 
GT: start player val1 of val0 is in what place number ? end 
PD: start what is the country of player val1 , who has a val0 place ? end 
GT: start which player from the val1 is in a place of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the to par for val0 with a score of val1 ? end 
GT: start for the match in which player val1 scored a to par of val0 , what was the final score ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest to par , when player is " val0 " , and when total is greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start what was val0 's lowest to par when the total was larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the country of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what was val0 's total ? end 
PD: start what is the to par of player val1 , who has less than val0 ? end 
GT: start what player had a to par smaller than val0 and won in 1val085 ? end 
PD: start what is the percentage of the popular vote when the val0 percentage is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the seat percentage when vote percentage is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the methyl red reading for val0 ? end 
GT: start how many calories is val0 watt hour ? end 
PD: start what is the 8:30 program that airs on val0 ? end 
GT: start how many electronvolts is val0 joules ? end 
PD: start how many years was val0 the winner ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of year , when winner is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the winner of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is winner , when college is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the winner of the val0 val1 ? end 
GT: start what is hometown , when sport is " val0 " , and when winner is " val1 " ? end 
PD: start what is the quantity when the is less than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the duration for less than val0 consecutive wins ? end 
Batch 206 | Validation Loss 5.493194
PD: start how many times is the golden rivers of val0 ? end 
GT: start how many wins were held before being defeated by val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest goals for a player from val0 and more than val1 goals ? end 
GT: start what is the greatest goals for val0 if ends is greater than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the ends won for the val0 ? end 
GT: start when the transfer fee is val0 , what is the total ends ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player with a total pts of val0 and a pts of val1 ? end 
GT: start which team has a total pld smaller than val0 , and a 2004–05 pts of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of points with a rr4 pts ratio of val0 ? end 
GT: start which total pts have a 2001–02 pts smaller than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 on val1 ? end 
GT: start on what date was val0 latin commander of the val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the virtue of the val0 meaning ? end 
GT: start who is the latin commander of the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the result for the val0 meaning ? end 
GT: start what is the result of the battle with latin commander val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the bulgarian commander of the bulgarian commander of the bulgarian commander ? end 
GT: start what is the battle with bulgarian commander val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the bulgarian commander of the bulgarian commander of the bulgarian commander ? end 
GT: start what is the bulgarian commander of the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the type of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is type for rite val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest population of val0 ? end 
GT: start what area ( km 2 ) is lowest with a type being val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the school in val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start what ecclesiastical province has a type val0 and a latin name val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the money ( $ ) amount of val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the money that val0 won ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of to par , when player is " val0 " ? end 
GT: start what was the total to par for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the place of player val1 , who has a score of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score for val0 place for val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the country of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the country for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest place of the song with a score of val0 and a score less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what place had a ribbon below val0 and a val1 total ? end 
PD: start what is the type of the val0 ? end 
GT: start for the payload of val0 what 's the serial number ? end 
PD: start what is the length of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what payload was on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the length of the val0 with junctions of val1 ? end 
GT: start when was the payload of val0 val1 ? end 
PD: start what is natural change ( % natural change ( per val000 ) , when natural change ( per 1000 ) is less than val0 , when deaths is less than val1 , when natural change is less than val2 , and when natural change is less than val3 ? end 
GT: start which average population ( x 1000 ) has a crude death rate ( per 1000 ) smaller than val0 , and a crude birth rate ( per 1000 ) smaller than val1 , and a natural change ( per 1000 ) of val2 , and live births of val3 ? end 
PD: start what is natural change ( per 1,000 ) , when natural change ( per val000 ) is val0 , and when natural change ( per val000 ) is more than val1 ? end 
GT: start which natural change has a crude death rate ( per 1000 ) larger than val0 , and deaths of 40 3val0val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the natural change ( per val000 ) when the crude change ( per val000 ) is val0 ? end 
GT: start which live births have a natural change ( per 1000 ) of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the season for the val0 season ? end 
GT: start how many season have an average attendance league of val0 ? end 
PD: start which venue has a against larger than val0 ? end 
GT: start which venue has more than val0 against ? end 
PD: start how many against has val0 as the status ? end 
GT: start how many against have a status of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the venue on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the venue of the competition on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the val0 competition on val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the date of the val1 with a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the result of the val0 game against val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the result of the game against the val1 held at the val0 ? end 
PD: start what location was the opponent against val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the location of the game against the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the val0 game in week val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the result of the game at the val0 after week val1 ? end 
Batch 207 | Validation Loss 5.438090
PD: start what is the xdsl for val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the 1880 figure when 1860 is val0 and 1910 is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of 1872(s ) , when 1866 is greater than val0 , when 1861 is greater than val1 , and when 1876 is greater than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the 1920 number when 1890 is greater than val0 , 1910 is less than val2 and the city is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the competition on val0 ? end 
GT: start which competition took place on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the val0 competition on val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the score of the val1 match at val0 on val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the game at val0 ? end 
GT: start where did ra'fat ali play on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the place of the player with a score of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the place when the score was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the country of player val1 , who has a score of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was val0 's score when val1 played ? end 
PD: start what player scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what player scored val0 ? end 
PD: start what player scored val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the place of the player with a score of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the place when the score was val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the date of the game at val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the venue on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the game wehre game at val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the venue of the val0 home game with a result of val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the result on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the result of the game on val0 ? end 
PD: start what venue was used in val0 , and val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the venue of the val0 val1 home game ? end 
PD: start what venue has a year larger than val0 , and a date of val1 ? end 
GT: start what date after val1 had the val0 as the visiting team ? end 
PD: start what is the 2007 value with val0 in 2009 ? end 
GT: start what is 2004 , when 2008 is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the 2010 value with val0 in 2011 ? end 
GT: start what is 20val00 , when 2009 is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the 2004 value for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is 2004 , when 2005 is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the 2007 value for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is 2007 , when tournament is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start whvval1l0 t is the 2009 performvval3l2nce with vval1l0 in 2009 , vval1l0 in 2011 , vval1l0nd in 2011 ? end 
GT: start whvval1l0 t is 2011 , when 2006 is " vval1l0 " , when 2008 is " vval1l0 " , vval1l0nd when tournvval1l0ment is " val2 " ? end 
PD: start what is the 2010 value with val0 in 2011 ? end 
GT: start what is 2011 , when 2010 is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the weight of the val0 player val2 with a height of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is name , when weight is " val0 " , when club is " val1 " , and when date of birth is " val2 " ? end 
PD: start what is the height of the player from val0 with a height of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is pos . , when height is " val0 " , and when date of birth is " val1 " ? end 
PD: start what is the weight of the player with a weight of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is weight , when club is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the height of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what is date of birth , when height is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the weight of the player from val0 club with a weight of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is weight , when club is " val0 " , and when name is " val1 " ? end 
PD: start what is the series # for season # val0 ? end 
GT: start which series 1 has a series 11 of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the series # for season # val0 ? end 
GT: start which series 2 has a series 3 of val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times was the background val0 ? end 
GT: start how many seat orders ( right to left ) have a series 3 of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start the player for which country had a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the country of player val1 , who has a val0 place ? end 
GT: start in what place was val1 of the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the to par for the player with a score of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the to par for the player who scored val0 ? end 
Batch 208 | Validation Loss 5.700243
PD: start what is the to par for the player with a score of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the to par for the player who scored val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the party for the val0 district ? end 
GT: start what is val0 district 's party ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest first elected , when results is " val0 " , and when district is " val1 " ? end 
GT: start what is val0 incumbent val1 's first elected date ? end 
PD: start what is the party where the incumbent is val0 and the incumbent is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the party of district of val1 with an incumbent first elected in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest first elected , when party is " val0 " , and when district is " val1 " ? end 
GT: start what is the first elected date of the val0 with results of retired val0 hold ? end 
PD: start what is the 1976 population of the val0 ? end 
GT: start whval0 t is tournval0ment , when 2000 is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the 1991 when 1992 is val0 and 1989 is val1 ? end 
GT: start whval1 t is 1998 , when 1997 is " vval1l0 " , val1nd when 1992 is " val1 " ? end 
PD: start what is the 1991 when the 1991 is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is 1992 , when 1999 is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the 2003 value with val0 in 2003 and val1 in 2003 ? end 
GT: start what is 2005 , when 1998 is " val0 " , and when 2002 is " val1 " ? end 
PD: start what is the american letter with the british val0 ? end 
GT: start which british has examples of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the british letter with an american word val0 ? end 
GT: start which australian has british of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the american letter with the british val0 ? end 
GT: start which examples has australian of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the american pronunciation for the american val0 ? end 
GT: start which american has british of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the american letter with a british letter that is val0 and the american letter is val1 ? end 
GT: start which ending has british of val0 , and examples of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of bearers with an engine capacity ( mw ) greater than val0 , an mpg - us extra ) greater than val1 , a model of val2 , and an engine capacity ( mw ) of val000 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of first year , when displacement cc is greater than val0 , when engine is val1 , when power hp ( kw ) is " val2 " , and when model is " val3 " ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest fleet size with a model of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest first year , when model is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the model of the engine capacity of val0 , an mpg - us extra larger than val1 , an engine capacity less than val2 , and a model of val3 ? end 
GT: start what is power hp ( kw ) , when first year is greater than val0 , when distribution is " val1 " , when engine is val2 , and when model is " val3 " ? end 
PD: start what is the competition on val1 with a val0 competition ? end 
GT: start what is competition , when date is " val0 " , when venue is " val1 " ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the val0 vs. val1 game ? end 
GT: start what is score , when venue is val0 , and when result is " val1 " ? end 
PD: start what is the result of the val0 on val1 ? end 
GT: start what is result , when date is " val0 " , and when venue is " val1 " ? end 
PD: start what is the venue of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is venue , when date is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is score , when date is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start how many teams have val0 as the team ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of pld for team val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total of the player with a val0 pts and less than val1 total ? end 
GT: start what is the total pld with val0 points in 2006 - 07 , and less than val1 points in 2006 - 07 ? end 
PD: start what is the average points when the team 1 is val0 and the total is more than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the average total pld with val0 points in 2005 - 06 , and more than val1 points in 2006 - 07 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of points with a 3-dart average of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of points for a total pld less than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the attendance for the val0 where the score was higher than val1 ? end 
GT: start how many points have a score of val0 , and an attendance larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game that had a loss of val0 ? end 
GT: start which score has a loss of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the loss of the game when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start which loss has a record of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance of the game that had a points ? end 
GT: start which attendance has more than val0 points ? end 
PD: start what was the record on val0 ? end 
GT: start on what date was the record val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the game with a draw of val0 and a more than val1 ? end 
GT: start how many ties did he have when he had val0 penalties and more than val1 conversions ? end 
Batch 209 | Validation Loss 5.339882
PD: start what is the lowest number of points scored when the team that had val0 points and more than val1 points ? end 
GT: start what is the least number of penalties he got when his point total was over val0 in more than val1 games ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the values of the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many fatalities shows for the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average number of passengers going to val0 and val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the number of people on board at val0 airline , with the aircraft type of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average number of military for the val0 party , and the val1 val1 ? end 
GT: start how many fatalities are there for the airline of val0 , with a registration of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the primary sponsor for the val0 polling percentage ? end 
GT: start what is the end of term of the president with an age at inauguration of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the class of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the length of retirement of the president with an age at inauguration of val0 ? end 
PD: start what state is val0 from ? end 
GT: start what is the date of inauguration of the president with an age at inauguration of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the country of player val0 ? end 
GT: start which player is from val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total when the to par is val0 ? end 
GT: start who has the highest total and a to par of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the country for the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start which country had a total of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the country of player val0 ? end 
GT: start what country is val0 from ? end 
PD: start what is the to par for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is val0 's to par ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest clean number of the player with a clean & jerk smaller than val0 , and a clean & jerk smaller than val1 ? end 
GT: start which total ( kg ) has a clean & jerk smaller than val0 , and a snatch smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the competition when the opponent is val0 , and the opponent is val1 ? end 
GT: start in which competition or tour was val1 the opponent with a val0 ground ? end 
PD: start what is the total apps for val0 ? end 
GT: start what name has val0 as the apps ? end 
PD: start what is the governors of australia in val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the judge for the state val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val1 against val1 with a than val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the status with an against over val0 on val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the statue in the val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the status on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 against val1 ? end 
GT: start what date has a status of val0 and an against of val1 ? end 
PD: start how many against have a status of val0 , and a status of val1 , and a venue of val2 ? end 
GT: start what 's the total against for opposing team val2 at val1 venue with a status of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is opposing teams , when status is " val0 " , and when date is " val1 " ? end 
GT: start when was the status val0 with an opposing team of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest gold when silver is val0 and bronze is more than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the fewest gold medals for the nation with val0 silvers and more than val0 bronze ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of gold when silver is less than val0 , and the total is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start how many silver medals for the nation with fewer than val0 golds and total less than val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the result for the val0 ceremony val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the year when val0 was the result , and val1 was the film title used in nomination ? end 
PD: start who is the director of the episode val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the director of val0 , a film title used in nomination ? end 
PD: start what is the result for the role that is val0 and the result is val1 ? end 
GT: start which director had val0 as a result , and had val1 as an original title ? end 
PD: start what is the original title of the val0 ceremony ? end 
GT: start what is the ceremony year when val0 was the original title ? end 
PD: start what is the example of the latin word val0 ? end 
GT: start for the pope born val0 , what is the declension of his papal name ? end 
PD: start what is the mission when the parent is val0 ? end 
GT: start for pope val0 , what is the declension of his papal name ? end 
PD: start what is the mission when the american name is val0 ? end 
GT: start what numeral is included for the pope with papal name in latin of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game wehre played val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score for home team val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the finish of val0 ? end 
GT: start what player has val0 as the place ? end 
Batch 210 | Validation Loss 4.391407
PD: start what is the country of the player from val0 with a total greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start what country has a total greater than val0 , with val1 as the player ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the total for the player with a val0 finish ? end 
GT: start how many totals have val0 as the finish ? end 
PD: start what is the total for val0 ? end 
GT: start what player has val0 as the total ? end 
PD: start what is the news frequency for the val0 station ? end 
GT: start what is the local / network with an ad frequency of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the news frequency for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the ad frequency for the show val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest year , when award is val0 , and when category is val1 ? end 
GT: start what year has val0 as the category and award of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the result for the val0 after val1 , the val2 ? end 
GT: start what was the result in the year greaters than val1 with an award of val2 and had a category of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the year when the year is later than val0 and the val1 is val1 ? end 
GT: start what award was in the year after val0 with a competition of val1 ? end 
PD: start how many years have a competition of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the year that had val0 as competition ? end 
PD: start which round has an opponent of val0 ? end 
GT: start what round was the game against val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the result for the val0 round at val1 ? end 
GT: start what rouval0d was the game with a result of val1 at val0 veval0ue ? end 
PD: start what was the largest attendance at a game with a result of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest attendance at a game with a result of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the nationality of the winner on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 val1 ? end 
GT: start on what date did val1 win in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date for the val0 ? end 
GT: start on what date was the val0 edition raced ? end 
PD: start what country is val0 from ? end 
GT: start what was the nationality of the winner of the val0 edition ? end 
PD: start what country is val0 from ? end 
GT: start what was the nationality of the winner for the val0 edition ? end 
PD: start who won the val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the winner of the val0 edition ? end 
PD: start what was the report in val0 ? end 
GT: start who reported the game played on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the report in val0 ? end 
GT: start who reported the game on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the venue on val0 ? end 
GT: start where was the game played on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score of the game on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the format of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which country has the format val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the label of the val0 on val1 ? end 
GT: start which date has val0 in the val1 format ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 val1 game ? end 
GT: start which country has the catalog nr of val1 in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the label in val0 ? end 
GT: start what country is the val0 label from ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of ranks for the player with a forbes average larger than val0 ? end 
GT: start how much peak position has sales total larger than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the singapore gross when the 2012 employees ( /km ) is val0 ? end 
GT: start which sales total has a chart of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the largest number of peak position for the val0 ? end 
GT: start which chart has a peak position of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the record on val0 ? end 
GT: start when has a record of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the visitor of the val0 home game on val1 ? end 
GT: start name the visitor that has a home of val0 on val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start which score has a record of val0 ? end 
Batch 211 | Validation Loss 4.318621
PD: start what was the record on val0 ? end 
GT: start which date has a record of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the home team on val0 ? end 
GT: start which home is on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game when the visitor was val0 and the record was val1 ? end 
GT: start which score has a visitor of val0 and a record of val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the record on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the record of the val0 date ? end 
PD: start what was the record on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the record from val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the val0 vs. val1 game on val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the score of the val0 home game with the visiting val1 on val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what service name has val0 as the owner ? end 
PD: start what is the bbm when the strike rate is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the download of the val0 catch - up period ? end 
PD: start what is the qb for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the catch - up period for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the service name of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest number of byes for the team that had less than val0 byes ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest number of wins where the byes are less than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest draws that has val0 as the national , and more than val1 wins ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest number of wins where the losses are more than valval1 and the draws are less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average number of byes for the team with val0 byes ? end 
GT: start what is the average of wins when the byes are less than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total losses for byes larger than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of losses where the byes were greater than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the most losses for the val0 season with less than val1 draws ? end 
GT: start what is the highest number of byes where the losses were valval1 and the draws were less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average losses for the artist(s season , which had less than val0 draws ? end 
GT: start what are the average losses for geelong dfl of valval1 where the draws are less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the election year for the val0 election with a val1 1st party ? end 
GT: start what election has a 1st member of val1 and a 2nd member of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 1st party with a 1st party with val0 , and 1st member val1 ? end 
GT: start what 's the 2nd party of 2nd member val1 when the 1st member is val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the 2nd member of the val0 party with a 1st member of val1 ? end 
GT: start what 's the party of 2nd member val1 when the 1st party is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the election when the 1st party is val0 and the 1st party is val1 ? end 
GT: start who 's the val0 1st member of the election of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest yards for val0 when fumr is less than val1 and tackles is less than val2 ? end 
GT: start which yards have carries smaller than val0 , and a team of val1 , and an average smaller than val2 ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent at the game taht a val0 after week val1 ? end 
GT: start which team has val0 carries , and a week larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest number of yards with more than val0 pens , and an opponent of val1 , and a loss less than val2 ? end 
GT: start which average has yards larger than val0 , and a team of val1 , and a week larger than val2 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the game that had an attendance of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the result of the game with val0 people in attendance ? end 
PD: start what was the kickoff time of the game before week val0 on val2 ? end 
GT: start how many people attended the game with a kickoff time of val0 , in a week earlier than val1 , on val2 ? end 
PD: start what was the kickoff time for week val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the kickoff time for the game in week of val0 ? end 
PD: start what week has an opponent of val0 ? end 
GT: start what week was the opponent the val0 ? end 
PD: start what week was the val0 kickoff and val1 was the attendance ? end 
GT: start what week number was the kickoff time val0 , with val1 people in attendance ? end 
PD: start what was the kickoff time on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the kickoff time on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the district for the val0 district ? end 
GT: start what district has a college or campus name of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what district has a location of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the school established in val0 ? end 
GT: start what location has a college or campus name of val0 ? end 
Batch 212 | Validation Loss 5.938282
PD: start what is the fleet size of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what weblink has a college or campus name of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what district has a location of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the fleet size of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what weblink has a college or campus name of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the , when years is val0 , and when app(l ) is val1 ? end 
GT: start what super g has victories of val0 , and a country of val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the position of the player who had a run 2 of val0 ? end 
GT: start what super g has a career of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 60mh for the 50 m group of val0 , a height of val1 , and a 2.15 val1f ? end 
GT: start what career has a parallel of val0 , a combined of val0 , and a giant slalom of val2 ? end 
PD: start what nation is val0 in ? end 
GT: start what country has a career of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the athlete who has a 1st above val0 , a 1st above val1 , and a 1st run of val2 ? end 
GT: start what giant slalom has victories larger than val0 , a slalom of val1 , and a career of 1996val12009 ? end 
PD: start what was the penalty for the gymnast with a val0 super g of val0 , and a total of val1 ? end 
GT: start what career has a super g of val0 , and a combined of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the class of the val0 k.b.sts.b ? end 
GT: start which class has a year(s ) of manufacture of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the quantity when the quantity is val0 , and the year is more than val1 ? end 
GT: start which year(s ) of manufacture has a quantity larger than val0 , and a number(s ) of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest quantity of the locomotive type val0 , and a type of val1 ? end 
GT: start which quantity has a type of val0 , and a year(s ) of manufacture of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the championship before val0 with val1 as the championship ? end 
GT: start what was shaun murphy 's outcome in the val0 championship held before val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the league for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what league has a val0 home ? end 
PD: start what is the home of the val0 season with val1 as the away team ? end 
GT: start what is the home with a val0 away in the val1 season ? end 
PD: start what is the season for val0 ? end 
GT: start which teams were in the val0 season ? end 
PD: start what is the league for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the league with a val0 home ? end 
PD: start what is the league season for the val0 season , the away team is val1 , and the league cup is val2 ? end 
GT: start what season has a val0 league , a val1 home , and an away of val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the league season for season val0 ? end 
GT: start which season has the val0 league ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest total when the bronze is more than val0 , the rank is val1 and the total is more than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the smallest number of gold of a country of rank val1 , with val0 bronzes ? end 
PD: start what is the rank for the nation with val0 gold and more than val1 total ? end 
GT: start what is the rank of the country with more than val0 medals , and val0 gold medals ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the gold when silver is more than val0 ? end 
GT: start how many total medals does a country with more than val0 silver medals have ? end 
PD: start what is the draw for the artist(s season ? end 
GT: start who is the co - contestant ( yaar vs. pyaar ) with val0 as the main contestant ? end 
PD: start what is the draw for the artist(s val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the main contestant with scores by each individual judge of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the val0 with a score of val1 ? end 
GT: start who is the main contestant with a total score / week of val0 and a co - contestant ( yaar vs. pyaa ) of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the draw for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is val0 's position ? end 
PD: start what is the rank of the mountain peak with a u-17 mountain peak of val0 ? end 
GT: start name the rank of rank mountain peak of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the height for the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the prominence of the mountain peak of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the year for val0 ? end 
GT: start what year was val0 nominated ? end 
PD: start what was the result for the val0 category ? end 
GT: start what was the result for the nomination of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the rank for the val0 with a taijiquan greater than val0 ? end 
GT: start which nanquan has a nandao larger than val0 , and a rank of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest rank for the val0 in the val1 in 2009 , and more than val2 in total ? end 
GT: start which nanquan has a nandao smaller than val0 , and a rank smaller than val1 , and a total larger than val2 ? end 
Batch 213 | Validation Loss 5.366612
PD: start what is the sum of the scores where the event is val0 and the score is val1 ? end 
GT: start how many weeks have a winning team of val0 , and an event of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the musical guest and the week of val0 ? end 
GT: start which week has an air date of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the musical guest and the week of val0 ? end 
GT: start which week has an air date of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the winner for the week of val0 ? end 
GT: start which winners club has a week of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the winner 's share of val0 ? end 
GT: start which winners club has an event of val0 ? end 
PD: start what date was the game played at val0 ? end 
GT: start on what date was tie number val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the tie number for the home team of val0 ? end 
GT: start val0 has what tie number ? end 
PD: start what is the tie number for the home team of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is val0 's tie number ? end 
PD: start what is the weekly rank for the val0 with a forbes number of val1 and a dvd number larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start what show was played on val0 laster after val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the pali word for val0 ? end 
GT: start when did val0 return ? end 
PD: start what is the pali word for val0 ? end 
GT: start when did a show last aired in val0 return ? end 
PD: start what is the venue for the match with val0 as the home team ? end 
GT: start what venue has a past season of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the maximum   head coach   with   international lacrosse   being val0 end 
GT: start what is the capacity of the venue of head coach val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total capacity for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the capacity of the venue of head coach val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total average for val0 when 1989 - 91 is val0 ? end 
GT: start how much played has an average smaller than val0 , and a 1990 - 91 of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average number of 1991 - 92 , when 1992 - 19 is val0 , and when 1992 - 90 is val1 ? end 
GT: start how much 1991 - 1992 has a 1989 - 90 of val0 , and an average of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total average for the val0 team when they played less than val1 neutral games and val2 ties ? end 
GT: start how much average has a 1989 - 90 of val0 , and a team of val1 , and a played smaller than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of played , when 1990 - 88 is val0 , and when games is greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start how much 1991 - 1992 has a team of val0 , and more than val1 points ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the pick # val0 ? end 
GT: start what role did pick # val0 have ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from val1 with a pick number less than val0 and a pick number of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the real name of the val2 from val1 with a pick # smaller than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the pick that is val0 ? end 
GT: start pick # val0 works for which brand ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from a pick number larger than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the real name of the pick # that is greater than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the result for the role of val0 , and a nominee(s of val1 ? end 
GT: start who is the director with the val0 title , and val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the capacity in val0 ? end 
GT: start what survey has the val0 title ? end 
PD: start what is the result for the val0 earlier than val1 with an val1 ) , and a val1 of val3 ? end 
GT: start what is the title for the val0 survey , after val1 , val2 as director , and was val3 ? end 
PD: start what is the result for the role earlier than val0 , and director val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the result for director val0 before val1 ? end 
PD: start who was the girl on week 2 that was val0 in week 2 ? end 
GT: start what is the week 1 with val0 in week 3 ? end 
PD: start who was the girl on week 2 that was val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the week 2 with val0 in week 1 ? end 
PD: start who was the girl on week 2 that was val0 in week 2 ? end 
GT: start what is the week 3 with val0 in week 2 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the first elected , when party is " val0 " , and when district is " val1 " ? end 
GT: start in what year was the val0 incumbent from val1 district first elected ? end 
PD: start what is the average goals for val0 , points 1 , less than val1 , and goals less than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the average played for entries with fewer than val2 goals against , points 1 of val1 , and a position higher than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the fewest drawn for the team that had val0 losses ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest drawn for entries with a lost of val0 ? end 
Batch 214 | Validation Loss 4.614276
PD: start what is the average drawn for the team with val0 points , a points 1 of val1 , and a 1 of than val2 ? end 
GT: start for entries with fewer than val2 played , with val1 goals against and points 1 of val0 , what is the average drawn ? end 
PD: start what is the average drawn for the team with more than val0 goals and more than val1 losses ? end 
GT: start for entries with lost larger than val1 and goals for smaller than val0 , what is the average drawn ? end 
PD: start what is the most goals for when the draws are more than val0 and goals against is more than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest goals entry with drawn larger than val1 and goals against val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the to par for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the to par of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the to par for val0 place player val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the place of val1 with a to par of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the cause of death of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which start has a duration of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the shield with a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start which duration was defeated by val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average number of wins for the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many wins , on average , were defeated by val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest number of top-1val1s for the val0 team with more than val1 wins ? end 
GT: start how many wins for val0 and against more than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of draws when there are less than val0 byes ? end 
GT: start how many byes when the draws are less than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest number of draws for the artist(s team with more than val0 draws ? end 
GT: start how many draws when the port fairy fl is val0 and there are more than val1 wins ? end 
PD: start what is the weight of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the weight of the entry that has a date of birth of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the manager who plays val0 , and the position is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the player from club val1 anval0 a position of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the height of the player who is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the position of the player with a height of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the to par for val0 with a val1 score ? end 
GT: start who won in val1 with val0 to par ? end 
PD: start what is the average total for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the average total in val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the final played against the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the score of the tournament with opponent in the final of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the val0 on val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the score of the tournament played on val0 surface on val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the match on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the date of the game with a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the final score on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the opponent in the final of the game on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 car that finished val1 ? end 
GT: start what team ran car # val0 on val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the engine for the val0 engine and val1 val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the average speed of val0 's winning val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the nationality of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start which college / junior / club team ( league ) was the player from val0 from ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from val0 in a round below val1 ? end 
GT: start which player from the val2 plays val0 and was chosen before round val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the , when result is val0 , and when attendance is greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start what 's the total attendance at val1 after val0 when the result is val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the match with val0 as the away team ? end 
GT: start what is the score when the tie is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the home team for the val0 away game ? end 
GT: start who is the home team with val0 as the away ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the match with val0 as the away team ? end 
GT: start what is the score when the tie is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the to par for val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's val0 's to par ? end 
PD: start what is the finish of val0 ? end 
GT: start what country had a finish of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the finish of val0 ? end 
GT: start what country had a finish of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the finish of the player with a total of val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the finish for the total val0 ? end 
Batch 215 | Validation Loss 4.798477
PD: start what is the status of the val0 against ? end 
GT: start what is the status when the against is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the venue of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the venue for the game played on val0 ? end 
PD: start what venue has a against larger than val0 , and a date of val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the venue for the game played on val1 , when the against was more than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest against , when opposing teams is " val0 " ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest against for games played in the val0 venue ? end 
PD: start what venue has val0 as the opposing team ? end 
GT: start in which venue was there an against of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the american name for the elevated with a cardinalatial of val0 ? end 
GT: start what elector was elevated on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the elevator with val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the elevator of the elected elevated on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the american title with a val0 order ? end 
GT: start who is the elector with a cardinalatial title of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the american name with an elevated of val0 , and an elevated of val1 ? end 
GT: start what elector has an elevator of val0 and a cardinalatial title of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the 1st leg of the val0 with a 1st leg of val0 and 1st leg of val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the score of the 2nd leg when the val1 played the first leg at home with a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 2nd leg of the val0 team 1 ? end 
GT: start what was the aggregate score that had a val0 second leg score ? end 
PD: start what is the 1st leg score for the val0 ? end 
GT: start which team played their first leg at home with an aggregate score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 1st leg of the val0 with a 1st leg of val0 and aggregate of val1 ? end 
GT: start which team played the 2nd leg at home with a tie of val1 and scored val0 in aggregate ? end 
PD: start what is the 2nd leg of the val0 ? end 
GT: start who played at home for the 2nd leg with a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 1st leg of the val0 with a 1st leg of val0 and 1st leg of val1 ? end 
GT: start who played at home for the second leg with a score of val1 and tied val0 in the first leg ? end 
PD: start what country is val0 in ? end 
GT: start in what country is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the icao for val0 ? end 
GT: start what airport 's icao is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the icao for val0 , and a iata of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is city of val1 in val0 's iata ? end 
PD: start what is the icao for val0 , and a icao of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is th iata for val0 with an icao of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the icao for val0 ? end 
GT: start what country has a icao of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the airport in val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the airport in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of losses for the goal difference is val0 , the lost is more than val1 and lost is more than val2 ? end 
GT: start how many drawn have a lost smaller than val0 , and a goal difference of val1 , and a played larger than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest goals against when played is more than val0 ? end 
GT: start which goals for has a played larger than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest goals against , when the position is val0 , and when the position is more than val1 ? end 
GT: start which position has val0 goals against , and a played larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest amount of goals scored , when the value for goals is greater than val0 , and when the value for points is val1 ? end 
GT: start which goals for has a lost of val0 , and a played larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what did val0 score ? end 
PD: start what is the country of player val1 , who has a val0 place ? end 
GT: start which country placed val0 and had the player val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of val0 , player val1 ? end 
GT: start who scored val0 for val1 ? end 
PD: start what place is val0 ? end 
GT: start what was val0 's place ? end 
PD: start what is the score of player val1 , who has a place of val0 ? end 
GT: start who placed val0 and had a score of val1 ? end 
PD: start what place is val0 in ? end 
GT: start what place is val0 in ? end 
PD: start what is the total of goals scored for the player with more than val0 goals , val1 goals , and more than val2 goals against ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of the goals with less than val0 points , a position less than val1 , and more than val2 goals against ? end 
Batch 216 | Validation Loss 5.484607
PD: start what is the lowest draws when the club is val0 and there are less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest amount of draws with less than val0 wins and less than val1 played ? end 
PD: start what is the highest goals against , when points is greater than val0 , and when played is greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest amount of goals with more than val0 goals against and less than val1 played ? end 
PD: start what is the club with less than val0 losses and less than val1 goals taken ? end 
GT: start what is the number of goals with less than val0 wins and a goal difference less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average number of losses for the player with more than val0 draws , val1 wins , and more than val2 goals against ? end 
GT: start what is the average number of goals against with more than val0 wins , val0 losses , and a position greater than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of losses for the position is less than val0 , the goals for is less than val1 , losses is less than val2 and goals against is more than val1val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of losses with less than val0 goals for , less than val1 wins , more than val2 points , and a position greater than val3 ? end 
PD: start what is the total goals for matches smaller than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of goals , when matches is less than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average goals for val0 , who has less than val1 appearances ? end 
GT: start what is the highest average , when goals is " val0 " , and when matches is less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the launch date of the satellite with a val0 cospar i d ? end 
GT: start with a tonnage of val0 what is the ship type ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the val0 ship val1 ? end 
GT: start where was the ship when the ship had val0 as the disposition of ship and was carrying val1 tonnage ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the val0 ship val1 ? end 
GT: start for the ship that was a val0 and located in the val1 , what was the disposition of ship ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 ship ? end 
GT: start with val0 under the date , what is the tonnage of the ship ? end 
PD: start what is the launch date of the val0 ship val1 ? end 
GT: start val0he ship named val1 wival0h a val0onnage of val0 had whaval0 disposival0ion of ship ? end 
PD: start what is the date of attack of the val0 ship on val1 ? end 
GT: start what date was a val0 type ship located in val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of round , when round is less than val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the attendance at val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average number of electorates in the val0 ? end 
GT: start which number of electorates ( 2009 ) has a constituency number of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the brand name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the capacity of code val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 in the val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the code of val1 , which has a capacity of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the height of the player who is val0 , and the year is val1 ? end 
GT: start can you tell me the name that has the height of val0 , and the year of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average weight of the player with a height of val0 ? end 
GT: start can you tell me the average weight that has height of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name when the against is less than val0 and the against is less than 18val02 ? end 
GT: start what team has fewer than val0 wins and less than 15val03 against ? end 
PD: start what is the highest number of byes for more than val0 byes ? end 
GT: start what is the most wins with val0 byes ? end 
PD: start what is the place of the player with a score of val0 and a than val1 points ? end 
GT: start what total has val0 as the clubs , with a place greater than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest score when the place is val0 and the place is more than val1 ? end 
GT: start what are the lowest clubs that have a place greater than val0 , with an all around greater than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest penalty for val0 when the position is more than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest total that has val0 as the name , with an all around greater than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total of the athlete with a score of val0 and a score of val1 ? end 
GT: start how many places have val0 as the name , with clubs less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start what is date , when country is " val0 " , and when perpetrator is " val1 " ? end 
PD: start what is the country for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is injured , when country is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the country for the country of val0 and a year after val1 ? end 
GT: start what is country , when killed is " val0 " , and when year is greater than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average year , when international is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the average year , when date is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of goals scored when position is val0 , when points 1 is less than val1 , and when goals for is less than val1val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of positions when there are more than val0 goals against , 1 of val1 points are played , and less than val2 games have been played ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of points when the goals against is val0 and the lost is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the smallest number of goals against when val0 games were lost , and the goals for are val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest points 1 , when club is " val0 " , and when drawn is greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the smallest number of goals against when there are 1 of val0 points , and more than val1 are drawn ? end 
Batch 217 | Validation Loss 4.954295
PD: start what is the total number of draws for less than val0 goals , val1 goals , and under val2 losses ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of goals for when the drawn is less than val0 , less than val1 games have been lost , and there are 1 of val2 points ? end 
PD: start what is the highest engine with engine of val0 , and a year larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start which engine has a model of val0 , and a year from larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest points for the val0 engine and a chassis of val1 ? end 
GT: start which engine has a model of val0 , and a chassis smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of years that has a wheel arrangement of val0 , a model of val1 , and an engine of val2 ? end 
GT: start how many engines have a model of val0 , and a year from of val1 , and a year to smaller than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest points for val0 engines before val1 ? end 
GT: start which year to has an engine of val0 , and a chassis smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the news frequency for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what time has a show name of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the news of the track composed by val0 and the track val1 ? end 
GT: start what time has ad freq of val0 , and a show name of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the news frequency for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what time has a show name of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the weekly schedule for the val0 network ? end 
GT: start what local / networked has a show name of val0 ? end 
PD: start what time has a time of val0 ? end 
GT: start what news freq has a time of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the news frequency for the val0 station val1 ? end 
GT: start what ad freq has a news freq of val0 , and a val1 / networked of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the call sign for the val0 freqeuncy ? end 
GT: start what was the erp w for val0 mhz ? end 
PD: start what is the type of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the class for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the country for the city of val0 ? end 
GT: start what are the transfers in for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the city of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what are the transfers out for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lost 1 for the team with val0 points ? end 
GT: start what points 1 had a val0 lost ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of goals against when the goals against is less than val0 , and the goals for is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what goals against had a goal for of val0 , and played less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total of the val0 player with a lost of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the position with a lost of val0 , for val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total of the points 1 , when position is " val0 " , and when played is greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the sum played with points 1 of val0 , and position larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest number of draws for val0 with val1 tries for ? end 
GT: start what is the lost with a drawn val0 , for val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from round val0 that has a round 4 + of val0 ? end 
GT: start which player has a subtotal of more than val0 and more than val1 in round 1 ? end 
PD: start what is the place of the player from the val0 and the money was $ val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the ranking for the val0 when the money is $ val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the place of player val1 , who has $ val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the ranking when val1 is the player and the money is $ val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the to par for val0 with a score of val1 ? end 
GT: start which country has a to par less than val0 and a score of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the player from the val0 with a money of $ val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the score for the val0 when val2 is the player and the money is $ val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest 2009 value with a 2009 value greater than val0 , a 2007 value greater than val1 , and a 2009 value of val2 ? end 
GT: start when val2 has a 2007 less than val1 and a 2008 more than val0 , what is the smallest 2009 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest 2010 value with val0 in 2009 and val1 in 2011 ? end 
GT: start what is the greatest 2010 for val1 , val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of areas for the val0 , which has less than val1 digits , and less than val2 levels ? end 
GT: start for the iata code of val2 with 2009 less than val1 and 2011 less than val0 , what is the sum of 2012 ? end 
PD: start what is the original channel of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the north american release date of the remake with a european release date on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the musical guest and the musical guest captain was val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the series with a north american release date on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the us a.c . in val0 with a us a.c . smaller than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the us cash box before val0 with a us billboard of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the place of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the country of the player with a val0 place ? end 
Batch 218 | Validation Loss 4.768691
PD: start what is the place of the player with a score of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the place of the player with a val0 score ? end 
PD: start what is the country of player val0 ? end 
GT: start what country is player val0 from ? end 
PD: start what is the place of the player with a score of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the place of the player with a val0 score ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of draws for the club with more than val0 draws , val1 conceded , and more than val2 played ? end 
GT: start what is the number of wins when the goals against is larger than val0 , points is val1 , and draws are larger than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of draws for the club with played less than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the number of draws when played is smaller than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of losses for the val0 position with a goal difference less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the number of losses when the goal difference was val0 , and position is smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of wins for the club with less than val0 draws and less than val1 goals ? end 
GT: start what is the wins number when the points were smaller than val0 , and goals against was val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest number of losses for the goals against is more than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the losses when the goal difference is larger than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the fewest goals scored when goals against is more than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the goals for when played is larger than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the match on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the score on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the outcome of the match with val0 as the opponent and val1 as the opponent ? end 
GT: start what is the surface of the tournament with a val0 outcome and val1 as the opponent ? end 
PD: start what is the event with a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the shooter for the val0 event ? end 
PD: start what is the total when the score is val0 ? end 
GT: start with val0 as the total what are the score points ? end 
PD: start what is the total when the points is val0 and the rank is val1 ? end 
GT: start with a total of val1 , and val0 rank points , what are the score points ? end 
PD: start what is the rank for the val0 dance with a score of val1 ? end 
GT: start who is the shooter with valval1 rank points , and val1 score points ? end 
PD: start what is the total when the score is val0 ? end 
GT: start with a total of val0 , what is the score points ? end 
PD: start what is the average losses for the val0 with less than val1 byes ? end 
GT: start which losses have a south west dfl of val0 , and less than val1 byes ? end 
PD: start what is the average number of draws for the val0 ? end 
GT: start which draws have an average of val0 wins ? end 
PD: start what is the total losses for the val0 against val1 ? end 
GT: start how many wins have val0 losses and an against smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of draws for the artist(s season , which has less than val0 draws ? end 
GT: start how many draws have a south west dfl of val0 , and less than val1 wins ? end 
PD: start who was the winning driver for the val0 circuit ? end 
GT: start what circuit has a winning constructor of val0 , and a winning driver of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the date for the val0 circuit ? end 
GT: start what circuit has a date of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what date has a name of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the race that has val0 of val0 , and a sanctioning of val1 ? end 
GT: start what name has a winning constructor of val0 , and a winning driver of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the race that val0 is the winning driver ? end 
GT: start what winning driver has a name of val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the winning driver for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what winning driver has a winning constructor of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance for the away team of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the away team of the match with a val0 attendance ? end 
PD: start what is the player from won val0 ? end 
GT: start which player won in val0 ? end 
PD: start how many years won when to par was val0 ? end 
GT: start how many to pars were won in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average total , when year(s ) is greater than val0 , and when country is " val1 " ? end 
GT: start what is val0 's total with a to par higher than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total amount of to par , when year(s ) won is greater than val0 , and when year(s ) won is " 19val02 " ? end 
GT: start what is the total for val0 with a to par higher than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the total points for the val0 season , which has more than val1 draws ? end 
GT: start what is the total for 1984 for the team with val0 points total and more than val1 seasons ? end 
Batch 219 | Validation Loss 6.086902
PD: start what is the total number of points for the val0 , who has a 1987 total of val1 , and a total larger than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the points total for the team with points average more than val1 , 1984 score more than val2 and val0 in 1982 ? end 
PD: start what is the 2000 - 2000 season for the val0 before val1 ? end 
GT: start what team had val0 seasons and fewer than val1 in 1984 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of points for the draw is less than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the number of seasons for the team with a total fewer than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the weight of the player from val0 with a height of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the weight of the player from club val0 and was born on val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total height for the val0 , when the height is greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start how much height of ground station(m ) has a name of val0 , and a height of mountain station(m ) larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average height in ft ) , when the is greater than val0 , when the is val1 , and when the birthdate is val2 ? end 
GT: start which elevation groundstation has a capacity in persons / hour larger than val0 , and a name or route of val1 , and a slope length smaller than val2 ? end 
PD: start what group is in meters when the val3 is before val0 , the height ( km ) is less than val1 , and the group is val1 ? end 
GT: start which slope length has a type of val0 , and an elevation groundstation smaller than val1 , and a construction year(s ) of val2 , and a name or route of val3 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest pick number for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest pick that has val0 as the nfl club ? end 
PD: start what is the nfl club with a pick less than val0 and a round of val1 ? end 
GT: start what round has a pick less than val0 , with val1 as the nfl club ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the player from round val0 with a position of val1 ? end 
GT: start what player has val0 as the position , with a round less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest round of val0 ? end 
GT: start what lowest round has val0 as the player ? end 
PD: start what was the location and attendance for the game against the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the location when the opponent was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the game earlier than val0 with a record of val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the record for less than val0 games and a score of val1 ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent in game val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the opponent for game val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 vs. val1 , which has a score of val1 , and a val2 of val2 ? end 
GT: start which wrestler plays for val0 which was elimated by val1 on elimination val2 ? end 
PD: start what wrestler entered val0 at the val1 ? end 
GT: start what time was the wrestler val1 eliminated by val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 contestant who had a home team of val1 ? end 
GT: start which elimination move is listed at elimination val1 for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 contestant who had a home of val1 and a score of val2 ? end 
GT: start which elimination move is listed against val0 , eliminated by val1 against elimination number val2 ? end 
PD: start who was eliminated by val0 when the wrestler was val1 ? end 
GT: start what elimination move is listed against wrestler val1 , eliminated by val0 ? end 
PD: start who was eliminated by val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the elimination move listed against val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average total for val0 ? end 
GT: start name the total of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest to par , when country is " val0 " , and when year(s ) is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start name the total of val0 and a to par smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest to par , when year(s ) won is " val0 " , and when year(s ) won is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start name the to par that has a year(s ) won of val0 and a total smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of val0 , who has less than val1 points ? end 
GT: start which number has a home club of val0 , and a year end smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the most recent year for val0 ? end 
GT: start which year start has a number of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the most number of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which number has a name of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest stage number for val0 with a than val1 giro wins ? end 
GT: start which number has a year start smaller than val0 , and a year end larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average for val0 , and a total larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start which number has a name of val0 , and a year end larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what venue has val0 as the opposing team , and val1 as the opposing team ? end 
GT: start what is venue , when status is " val0 " , and when against is " val1 " ? end 
PD: start what is the opposing team on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is opposing teams , when date is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what venue has against of val0 , and a date of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is date , when opposing teams is " val0 " , and when venue is " val1 " ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 against val1 ? end 
GT: start what is against , when opposing teams is " val0 " , and when date is " val1 " ? end 
Batch 220 | Validation Loss 4.491058
PD: start what is the tie no when val0 is the home team ? end 
GT: start what is the tie no of the game where val0 was the home team ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the game on val1 with val0 as the away team ? end 
GT: start what is the score of the game against away team val1 on val0 ? end 
PD: start what date was val0 the home team ? end 
GT: start what date did home team val0 play ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the away team when the away team was val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score of the game against away team val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the election in the val0 district ?   end 
GT: start what are the results of the incumbent who was first elected in val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the election in the val0 district ?   end 
GT: start what are the results of the incumbent who was first elected in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the district with less than val0 candidates in val1 ? end 
GT: start who is the incumbent who was first elected before val0 from the val1 district ? end 
PD: start what is the party for the val0 district ? end 
GT: start what is the party of the val0 district ? end 
PD: start who won the year val0 won the women 's single ? end 
GT: start what is the silver with a year of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average year for bronze val0 ? end 
GT: start what year has a bronze of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest year for val0 ? end 
GT: start what year has a silver for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest year that has val0 as the bronze ? end 
GT: start what is the year with a bronze of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the to par for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is to par , when player is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the country of player val1 , who has a score of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is score , when country is " val0 " , and when player is " val1 " ? end 
PD: start what country has a money ( £ ) larger than val0 , and a score of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is score , when money ( £ ) is greater than val0 , and when country is " val1 " ? end 
PD: start what is the to par for the player from val0 with a score of val1 , and a money ( $ ) larger than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is to par , when country is " val0 " , when money ( £ ) is greater than val1 , and when score is " val2 " ? end 
PD: start what is the money ( £ ) for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest money ( £ ) , when player is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of drawn for the val0 team that has less than val1 points ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of losses for a draw of val0 , and 1 points less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of draws for the team with val0 goals and less than val1 losses ? end 
GT: start what is the total number drawn with goals against less than val0 , and a total of val1 losses ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of goals scored when the goals against is less than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of goals that has been played less than val0 times ? end 
PD: start what is the diameter ( the item is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the diameter of the val0 theme coin ? end 
PD: start what is the highest year that has val0 as the artist , with an special greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the mintage after val0 of the val1 theme coin ? end 
PD: start how many times is the theme val0 and the background is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the mintage of the val0 weight val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of coins for the val0 artist when the mintage is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the year of the coin with an issue price of val0 and mintage less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the issue date(s ) for the artist val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the theme of the coin with an issue price of val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the winning team on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the winning team on val0 ? end 
PD: start who won the val0 on val1 ? end 
GT: start who is the winning driver of the race on val1 with val0 as the winning team ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 race ? end 
GT: start who is the winning driver of the race on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the match with val0 winning team of val0 and a date of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the round on val1 with val0 as the winning team ? end 
PD: start who was the winning team on val0 , and the circuit of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the date of the val1 circuit , which had val0 as the winning team ? end 
PD: start what is the score of player val1 , who has a place of val0 ? end 
GT: start what place did val1 get when his score was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the country of player val1 , who has a val0 place ? end 
GT: start what country is val1 from with a place value of val0 ? end 
Batch 221 | Validation Loss 4.623661
PD: start what is the to par for the place of val0 ? end 
GT: start what place had a to par of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the country of player val0 ? end 
GT: start what country is val0 from ? end 
PD: start what is the to par for the player with a score of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the to par value that goes with a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the division for the val0 playoffs before val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of goals , when season is " val0 " , and when division is less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the season when the team is val0 and the team is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is season , when goals is less than val0 , and when team is " val1 " ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest division for the val0 playoffs before val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest division , when goals is less than val0 , and when season is " val1 " ? end 
PD: start what is the average goals for val0 playoffs , and a division smaller than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the average goals , when team is " val0 " , and when division is less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the game that had a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start what stadium has val0 as the 2007 - 08 result ? end 
PD: start what is the result for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what club has val0 as the 2007 - 08 result ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest capacity for val0 suites ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest capacity that has val0 as the stadium ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the city of val0 ? end 
GT: start what stadium has val0 as the city ? end 
PD: start what is the h / a of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the h / a on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the match against val0 ? end 
GT: start which result f - a has opponents of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the time of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the depth of the quake that occurred at val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the launch site of the val0 with a run 2 of val1 , a run 2 of val1 , and a val2 of val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the magnitude with epicenter at val0 , val1 intensity and which happened at val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the magnitude of val0 ? end 
GT: start where was the epicenter of the quake on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the finish of the player with a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is finish , when year(s ) won is " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the , when year(s ) won is " val0 " , and when year(s ) won is " val1 " ? end 
GT: start what is year(s ) won , when finish is " val0 " , and when player is " val1 " ? end 
PD: start what is the country when the total is val0 and the year is more than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is country , when total is greater than val0 , and when year(s ) won is " val1 " ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from val0 with a val1 position ? end 
GT: start born on val1 , what is the val0 's name ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from val0 with a val1 position ? end 
GT: start born on val1 , what is the val0 's name ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent when the attendance was val0 ? end 
GT: start what attendance has val0 as the opponent ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game against the val0 ? end 
GT: start what score has val0 as the opponent ? end 
PD: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
GT: start what score has val0 as the date ? end 
PD: start what was the record on val1 with a val0 ? end 
GT: start val0hat record has val0 as the result , val0ith val1 as the date ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the position of the team player from val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average # of the player from val0 with a pick # of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the average pick # from the val0 player val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the pick # , when position is val0 , and when cfl team is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the total pick # for the val0 position from a team from val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the nhl team for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the league that has the pick # val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the game at val0 ? end 
GT: start what bowl game was played on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the match where val0 was the team ? end 
GT: start who was the opposing team in the game with a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the team 1 for val0 ? end 
GT: start who was val0 's opponent ? end 
Batch 222 | Validation Loss 4.583372
PD: start what was the score of the game when the val0 were the visitors ? end 
GT: start what was the score of the val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game when the val0 were the visitors ? end 
GT: start what was the score of the val0 game ? end 
PD: start what is the party where the incumbent is val0 and the incumbent is val1 ? end 
GT: start which val0 incumbent was first elected in val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the party of the incumbent val1 with a year less than val0 ? end 
GT: start which district has a val0 incumbent that was first elected before val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the district for the incumbent val1 with incumbent val1 ? end 
GT: start who is the incumbent for the val1 district that was elected in val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the result for the incumbent val1 elected in val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the result of the val1 district incumbent who was first elected in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the opponent is val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's was the location for fight against val0 ? end 
PD: start what is to par , when year(s ) won is val0 ? end 
GT: start how many strokes off par was the winner in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average total for val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the average round score of the player who won in val0 ? end 
PD: start how many players weight is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the money won by val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of player val0 ? end 
GT: start what is val0 's score ? end 
PD: start what is the money ( £ ) of val0 ? end 
GT: start how much money has been won by val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of losses for teams with val0 draw and more than val1 goals against ? end 
GT: start how much drawn has goals against of val0 , and a lost larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average lost for the val0 team that has a points 1 greater than val1 , and a goals against of than val2 ? end 
GT: start which lost has a position larger than val0 , and points 1 of val1 , and less than val2 goals against ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of draws for the team with more than val0 draws , val1 goals , and more than val2 losses ? end 
GT: start how much drawn has goals against larger than val0 , and a lost smaller than val1 , and a played larger than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest goals against , when the position is val0 , and when goals against is greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start which position has goals for of val0 , and goals against larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average goals against when the position is val0 , the goals against is more than val1 and the goals against is more than val2 ? end 
GT: start which played has a drawn of val0 , and a position of val1 , and goals against larger than 5val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the home team that has val0 as the away team and val1 as the away team ? end 
GT: start who is the home team when the val0 are visiting with a result of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest week that has val0 as the year ? end 
GT: start when was the earliest year when the attendance was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the game with val0 stumps , val1 , and an attendance greater than val2 ? end 
GT: start when the val0 are visiting with an attendance of more than val1 on val2 , who was the home team ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the crowd at the val0 before val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the total attendance for a result of val0 before val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the location of the enzyme val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the ceased to be duke of girona when the is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is val0 's substrate ? end 
PD: start what is the methyl red reading for val0 ? end 
GT: start which substrate has an omim of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the to par for val0 with a score of val1 ? end 
GT: start what was val1 's score when the to par is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of player val0 ? end 
GT: start which player scored val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the country of player val1 , who has a val0 place ? end 
GT: start what did val0 place when the player was val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the country of player val0 ? end 
GT: start what country did val0 play for ? end 
PD: start what place is val0 in ? end 
GT: start what is val0 's place ? end 
PD: start what place is val0 in ? end 
GT: start what place did val0 finish in ? end 
PD: start what is the to par for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is val0 ' to par ? end 
PD: start what is year(s ) won , when year(s ) won is greater than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the to par when the year(s ) won is larger than val0 ? end 
Batch 223 | Validation Loss 4.122230
PD: start what is the rank for the player with less than val0 goals and less than val1 goals ? end 
GT: start what are the apps for less than val01 goals and before rank val0 ? end 
PD: start what club has more than val0 goals , less than val1 draws , and more than val2 goals ? end 
GT: start what season was val1 ranked higher than val3 , had more than val2 goals and had more than val0 apps ? end 
PD: start what is the average rank for val0 with more avge goals ? end 
GT: start how many apps when the rank was after val1 and having more than val0 goals ? end 
PD: start what club has less than val0 appearances and less than val1 apps ? end 
GT: start who was the club having less than val0 apps and ranked less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the to par for val0 with a score of val1 ? end 
GT: start with a score of val1 and val0 as the country what is the to par ? end 
PD: start what is the country of player val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the golfer that golfs for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the place of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start the golfer in place val0 if from what country ? end 
PD: start what date was the match on val0 ? end 
GT: start on what date was tie # val0 played ? end 
PD: start what date was the match on val0 ? end 
GT: start on what date was tie # val0 played ? end 
PD: start what is the tie number for the val0 away game ? end 
GT: start for which tie was val0 the away team ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game wehre played val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the final score for the tie where val0 was the home team ? end 
PD: start what is the home team for the val0 away game ? end 
GT: start in the tie where val0 was the away team , who was the home team ? end 
PD: start what is the tie number for the val0 away game ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the away team for tie # val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the result for the val0 ceremony val1 ? end 
GT: start which nominated work val1 in val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the outcome of the val0 ceremony ? end 
GT: start what was the result in val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the val0 awards ? end 
GT: start what was the results of the val0 show ? end 
PD: start what city in val0 , in val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the city in val1 that opened in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the minimum capacity for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest capacity for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the capacity for the val0 , earlier than val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the year opened for val0 with a smaller than val1 capacity ? end 
PD: start what is the rank for the val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the rank for the year opened in val0 in val1 ? end 
PD: start how many years have a cc class of val0 , and a type of val1 ? end 
GT: start how many years were val0 class on val1 ? end 
PD: start how many weeks were there val0 ? end 
GT: start how many weeks have a result of val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent before week val0 on val1 ? end 
GT: start which date has a week smaller than val0 , and an opponent of val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the game against the val0 ? end 
GT: start which result has an opponent of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest lane number when the time is val0 and the react is more than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the rank of the athlete with a time of val0 and in lane val1 or larger ? end 
PD: start what is the venue of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the place of the val0 event ? end 
PD: start what is the venue of the match on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the place of the event on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the country for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the country of the val0 event ? end 
PD: start what is the country for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the country of the val0 event ? end 
PD: start what is the country for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the event labeled country of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the time of the match on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the date of the event with a time of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the rank of the rowers with a time of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the rank of the time of val0 ? end 
Batch 224 | Validation Loss 4.843951
PD: start what rowers represented the time of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the names of the rowers that the time was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the time of the rowers from val2 with a rank of val0 and notes of val1 ? end 
GT: start what country has a rank smaller than val0 , a time of val0:32.32 and notes of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the duration of the actor val1 , which has a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start which actor played on val1 for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the duration of the character val0 , and the character val1 ? end 
GT: start what character was portrayed by the same actor for val0 on val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the duration of the character val0 ? end 
GT: start how long did val0 portray her character on her show ? end 
PD: start what is the duration of the actor val1 , which has an val0 season ? end 
GT: start which actor played val1 for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the year for the val0 ? end 
GT: start which years did val0 work on a soap opera ? end 
PD: start what was the points for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the arena when there were val0 points ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the record when the score was val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the date of the game that had a val0 points ? end 
GT: start what were the points on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the record of the game when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the record at val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game where val0 scored the most points and the record was val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the points when the score was val0 , and record was val1 ? end 
PD: start what loss has a record of val0 , and a loss of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the record at val0 , when the loss was val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the finish of the val0 player with a val1 place ? end 
GT: start what is the finishing time with a val0 finish on val1 track ? end 
PD: start what is the race with a clash of val0 , and a set of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the last 1/4 for the val0 race with a finishing time of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the rank of the rider who had a time of val0 and speed of val1 ? end 
GT: start how many ranks have val0 as the time , with val1 as the rider ? end 
PD: start what was the time of the rider whose rider was val0 ? end 
GT: start what time has val0 as the rider ? end 
PD: start what is the rank of the rider with a time of val0 ? end 
GT: start how many ranks have val0 as the rider ? end 
PD: start what is the total of goals scored when draw is more than val0 , the team is val1 and the points are more than val2 ? end 
GT: start how many goals were conceded by the team with more than val1 points more than val0 draws and less than val2 games played ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of goals scored when the losses is less than val0 , the goals for is less than val1 and lost is more than val2 ? end 
GT: start how many goals were conceded by teams with val0 points , more than val1 losses and more than val1val1 goals scored ? end 
PD: start what is the total avge goals scored when there are more than val1 points ? end 
GT: start how many points did the team have that conceded val0 goals and finish in a place larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent for week val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the opponent in week val0 ? end 
PD: start what school is located in val0 ? end 
GT: start what location has val0 as the mascot ? end 
PD: start which school has a mascot of val0 , and a mascot of val1 ? end 
GT: start what location has an enrollment greater than val0 , and val1 as the mascot ? end 
PD: start what is the ihsaa class for the school in val0 ? end 
GT: start what ihsaa football class has val0 as the county ? end 
PD: start what school is in val0 , and val1 ? end 
GT: start what school has val0 as the location , with val1 as the mascot ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the 2008 club val0 ? end 
GT: start what name has val0 as the 2008 club ? end 
PD: start what is the height of the 2008 club val0 ? end 
GT: start what shows for height for the 2008 club of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the 2008 club val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the name for the 2008 club of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the spike for the 2008 club val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the spike for the 2008 club of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest total when the position is less than val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the total that the position is less than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total of the parallel with a score of val0 , and a score less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what the b score when the total is val1 and the position is less than val0 ? end 
Batch 225 | Validation Loss 4.282452
PD: start what is the total when the score is more than val0 and the score is val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the total rating that had a score higher than val0 and a b score smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what score has a run 2 of val0 , and a 1st smaller than val1 ? end 
GT: start which gymnast had a b score of val0 and an a score less than val1 end 
PD: start who won the val0 in val0 ? end 
GT: start who were the winners in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average year for the val0 in the val1 season , which won in val1 ? end 
GT: start what year was the runner - up val0 with val1 in third place , and the gold keeper val2 ? end 
PD: start what college has pick val0 from ? end 
GT: start what is the college pick for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date for round val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the round on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the enrollment for the school that is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest enrollment for val0 school ? end 
PD: start what is the average enrolled for val0 with a student body larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the average enrollment that has val0 as the mascot , with a year joined later than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest number of students at val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest enrollment that has val0 as the location ? end 
PD: start what is the runner - up in val0 , and val1 as the name ? end 
GT: start who was runner - up in the val1 val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the quantity of the val0 k.b.sts.b ? end 
GT: start which class has a quantity made of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the spanish version of the val0 book ? end 
GT: start what is the theme song of the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the spanish version of the val0 book ? end 
GT: start what is the theme song of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the music for the val0 progran , with a ratings of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the theme song of the show on val0 station with average ratings of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the spanish version of the val0 book ? end 
GT: start what is the theme song of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest episode number for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what episode has a theme song of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the number of the coaster in val0 with a val1 of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the road numbers when the build year is val0 , the railroad ( quantity ) is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the class of the val0 , val1 , and a val2 team ? end 
GT: start what is the road numbers when the builder is val0 , the railroad ( quantity ) is val1 and the class is val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the class for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the road numbers when the class is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the peak for the val0 peak ? end 
GT: start what was the peak date of val0 's song ? end 
PD: start what is the rank of the athlete from val0 with a lane larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the nationality of the swimmer in lane val0 or larger with a rank of val1 or more ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent for week val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the opponent the falcons played against on week val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest number of points for val0 with under val1 points ? end 
GT: start what is the highest podiums when the stage wins is val0 and the points is less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average starts with more than val0 starts , more than val1 podiums , and a cur more than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the average wins when the podiums is more than val0 , points is val1 and starts is less than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of wins for val0 with under val1 points ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of points when the constructor is val0 and the wins is less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest points that has val0 as the manufacturer , with a chassis greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest points when the chassis is val0 and the stage wins is more than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the navigator when the time is val0 ? end 
GT: start what driver had a total time of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of ¥ when the won val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the lowest capacity when the margin is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the enrollment ration for the val0 class ? end 
GT: start which vehicle has a class val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the minimum capacity for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest capacity for the val0 ? end 
PD: start who had a time of val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the athlete when react is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest lane number when the react is val0 and the react is greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest lane when react is more than val0 and the nationality is val1 ? end 
Batch 226 | Validation Loss 5.338516
PD: start what is the quantity preserved for quantity of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the year retired of the locomotive which had the quantity made of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the quantity of the val0 k.b.sts.b ? end 
GT: start which class had a quantity made of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the wheel arrangement for the locomotive with a quantity made of val0 and a quantity of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the locomotive class that has a wheel arrangement of val0 and a quantity made of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the quantity preserved for quantity of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the quantity preserved to the locomotive with a quantity made of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest number of electorates in val0 ? end 
GT: start what is val0 's highest number of electorates ? end 
PD: start what district has val0 constituents ? end 
GT: start what is the district with val0 constituency number ? end 
PD: start what is reserved for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is val0 's reserved for ( sc / st / none ) ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the prominence in m for the prominence in m ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of the prominence in m of val0 peak ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of prominence in meters for the val0 peak , which has a height ( m ) of val1 , and a col ( m ) smaller than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the total prominence number in m of val0 , which has a col in m of val1 and an elevation less than val2 ? end 
PD: start what team is from val0 , and is in val1 ? end 
GT: start which team had a start of val0 in years under 200val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of year , when year(s ) is " val0 " ? end 
GT: start what was jeff 's finish in val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times is the start val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the number of finishes having a start of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of 2006 , when the number of employees ( steps ) is greater than val0 , and when the capital is val1 ? end 
GT: start how many 2011 1h values have a 2006 of val0 and 2007 over val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest fiscal year(s with a half - life discovered larger than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest 2011 1h value for a 2005 over val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of live births in the val0 industry with a forbes number higher than val1 , a forbes number of val1 , and a 2011 > less than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the number of val208 values having a val206 under val0 , val210 over val1 , and val211 1h of val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the average fiscal year for val0 with a 2007 less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the average val007 value for a val006 of val1 and val009 under val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the round of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the round for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest water ( territorial waters with a latitude of val0 and a longitude of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is latitude when 2010 population is val0 and water is more than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the example for the example val0 ? end 
GT: start is val0 mhra approved ? end 
PD: start what is the home team for match val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the home team when val0 was the away team ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the match at val0 with a time of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the score of the match at val1 with a val0 time ? end 
PD: start what is the away team at the val0 venue with a time of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the venue of the match with a val0 time and val1 as the away team ? end 
PD: start what is the home team for match val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the away team when val0 was the home team ? end 
PD: start what lane was val0 in ? end 
GT: start what is val0 ' average lane number ? end 
PD: start what is the highest rank for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is val0 's highest rank ? end 
PD: start what is the example impulse for the val0 , and the english american is val1 ? end 
GT: start what internet explorer has val0 as the opera , with val1 as the period ? end 
PD: start what is the percentage of safari when firefox is val0 ? end 
GT: start what safari has val0 as the period ? end 
PD: start what is the other mozilla with a val0 ? end 
GT: start what period has val0 as the internet explorer ? end 
PD: start what is the other mozilla with a val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the other that has val0 as the firefox ? end 
PD: start what is the percentage of browsers in the period in which val0 were using chrome ? end 
GT: start what opera has val0 as the firefox ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of rank for athlete val0 , who has a lane larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start how many total time listings have a val0 react entry and a rank that is greater than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total rank of val0 when the lane is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start how many total rank listings have val0 listed as the athlete with a react entry that is smaller than val1 ? end 
Batch 227 | Validation Loss 5.090621
PD: start what is the average rank for val0 when the lane is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the total average for rank entries where the lane listed is smaller than val0 and the nationality listed is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the rank of the athlete with a lane larger than val0 and a mark of val1 ? end 
GT: start what lane has a val0 react entered with a rank entry that is larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the val0 competition in val1 ? end 
GT: start which notes have a competition of val0 , and a position of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the venue after val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the venue after val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the notes for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what were the notes in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average year for val0 position ? end 
GT: start which year has a position of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the 2008 club val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the name when the 2008 club is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the 2008 club val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the name when the 2008 club is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the 2008 club val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the name when the 2008 club is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the population in 2011 for the province with a population of val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the csa / cma population in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the change in the val0 industry ? end 
GT: start what 's the projected population of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the rank of the athlete who had a lane of val0 and a heat of val1 ? end 
GT: start can you tell me the rank that has the lane of val0 , and the heat of val1 ? end 
PD: start who had a time of val0 and a time of val1 ? end 
GT: start can you tell me the time that has the heat of val0 , and the lane of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of game , when score is " val0 " ? end 
GT: start what is the game # that scored val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest rank for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest rank that val0 got ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the result from the val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
GT: start on what date was the game that had a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the result on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the result of the game that was played on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the val0 competition ? end 
GT: start during what competition was a game played with a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the val0 competition ? end 
GT: start what was the score from the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the tie no when val0 is the home team ? end 
GT: start what is the tie number when the home team is val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the match where val0 was the home team ? end 
GT: start what is the score in the val0 home game ? end 
PD: start what was the tie number for the match that had val0 as the away team ? end 
GT: start which away team has a tie number of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the natural change ( % ) when the operating cost is val0 ? end 
GT: start what murder ( 2012 ) rate per 100,00 also has a val0 as the peace ( 2012 ) gpi ? end 
PD: start how many items appear in the ( millions ) , when the ( per capita ) is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of poverty ( 2009 ) hpi-1 % when the gdp ( ppp ) ( 2012 ) us$ per capita of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of natural change , when natural change is val0 , and when live births is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the total poverty ( 2009 ) hpi-1 % when the extreme poverty ( 2011 ) < 1.25 us$ % of val0 , and the human development ( 2012 ) hdi is less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the time for the rowers with a time of val0 ? end 
GT: start what are the notes with the time val0 ? end 
PD: start what country is ranked val0 ? end 
GT: start what country is ranked # val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the rank of the rowers with a time of val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the time of rank val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the pole position for the val0 earlier than val1 ? end 
GT: start how many titles for the nation with less than val0 fastest laps and val1 podiums ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of laps for the val0 with less than val1 poles ? end 
GT: start how many fastest laps for the nation with val0 entries and starts and fewer than val1 podiums ? end 
PD: start what song is from the artist val0 ? end 
GT: start the song val0 had what jury ? end 
Batch 228 | Validation Loss 5.082177
PD: start what place was val0 in ? end 
GT: start val0 the singer had what has the jury ? end 
PD: start what is the draw for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the greatest draw that has val0 for place ? end 
PD: start what place was val0 in ? end 
GT: start singer val0 had what jury ? end 
PD: start what is the lead for the contestant val0 ? end 
GT: start what song was val0 in televoting ( votes ) ? end 
PD: start what is the average rank for the song val0 , the score was larger than val1 , and the result is val2 ? end 
GT: start whval0 t is the val0verval0ge rval0nk for group val0 val0thlete yval0ninval0 kval0rolchyk , val0nd val0 result higher thval0n val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the result for the athlete with a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start which athlete , has an val0 result end 
PD: start what athlete has a reaction of val0 ? end 
GT: start who has a result of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the athlete from val0 with a rank less than val1 ? end 
GT: start which nationality has a heat smaller than val0 , and a rank of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest rank for val0 when the athlete is val1 ? end 
GT: start which rank has a name of val0 , and a result smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest mark with a mark of val0 , and a larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start which heat has a nationality of val0 , and a result larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total for the val0 , and the hometown of val1 ? end 
GT: start what are the notes for val0 when the total is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the netflix where the is val0 ? end 
GT: start which builder has a fleet series of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the elmers end with a val0 bingham road ? end 
GT: start how many val0 builders are there ? end 
PD: start what is the fleet number for the model val0 ? end 
GT: start which model with a fleet series of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of silver when the rank is val0 , and the total is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest total for those receiving less than val0 but more than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of losses for the club with more than val0 draws and more than val1 draws ? end 
GT: start how many draws did val1 have when the losses were more than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the most losses for the draws are more than val0 and the losses are more than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the draw when the losses were more than val0 and less than val1 wins ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of draws for the club with more than val0 draws and more than val1 wins ? end 
GT: start how many wins did valval1 have when draws were more than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of losses for the team with more than val0 draws and more than val1 draws ? end 
GT: start what 's the number of losses when the wins were more than val1 and had val0 draws ? end 
PD: start what is the score on val0 with tie number val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the score for the date of val0 , with a tie no of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the tie number for the home team of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the tie no for the home team val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date when the away team is val0 , and the date is val1 ? end 
GT: start what date had a tie no of val0 , and an away team of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the home team for the val0 away game ? end 
GT: start waht was the away team when the home team is val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the tie number for the match with val0 as the away team ? end 
GT: start what is the tie no for the away team val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start which position did val0 play ? end 
PD: start what is the weight of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the weight of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the weight of the bullet used in val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the weight of the person born in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the height of the player who is val0 and competed is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the position of the player born in val0 with a height of val1 m ? end 
PD: start what is the weight of the weight is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the weight of the player with a height of val0 m ? end 
PD: start what is the highest pick number for the val0 player before round val1 ? end 
GT: start which round has a school / club team of val0 , and a pick smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of val0 ? end 
GT: start who plays val0 ? end 
PD: start what player is pick val0 ? end 
GT: start which player 's pick is val0 ? end 
Batch 229 | Validation Loss 4.641918
PD: start what is the total number of votes in the val0 of val0 and the val1 val1 ? end 
GT: start who had val0 total votes in the val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the share of votes for the val0 election ? end 
GT: start what were val0 's total votes ? end 
PD: start what is the share of votes for the val0 election ? end 
GT: start what was val0 's total votes end 
PD: start what is the length of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the maximum aperture of the lens(es ) with a focal length of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the fixed charge for the user with val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the 35 mm efl and the equivalent aperture of the lens(es ) with a maximum aperture of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the largest number of the val0 , which has a construction of val1 , and a val2 paid of val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the brand of the sigma val1 f2.8 dn , which has a maximum aperture of val0 and a focal length of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest rank for val0 with a notes of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest rank for val1 , when the notes are val0 ? end 
PD: start what country is val0 from ? end 
GT: start which athlete is from val0 ? end 
PD: start who had a time of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is listed in notes for the athlete , val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest rank for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest rank for the team that raced a time of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the ranks for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of the ranks for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the track for the val0 ? end 
GT: start which nation ran a time of val0 seconds ? end 
PD: start what is the venue of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the place associated with val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the venue of the val0 season in val1 ? end 
GT: start which place had a performance of val1 seconds by val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the year for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what game was in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the year for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what game was in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the year for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what game was in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the platform that has val0 as the developer ? end 
PD: start what is the genre for the game before val0 with a year earlier than val1 ? end 
GT: start what 's the genre of val1 before val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the actor for the character val0 ? end 
GT: start what actor plays val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the duration of the actor val1 , which has an val0 season ? end 
GT: start what character did val1 play for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the engine code for the val0 engine with a torque of val1 ? end 
GT: start what years did the val1 model have a torque of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the engine code for the val0 model and val1 model ? end 
GT: start what is the torque of the val1 model , which has a power of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the engine code for the val0 engine ? end 
GT: start what is the engine code of the val0 model ? end 
PD: start what is the gearbox for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what model is the val0 torque ? end 
PD: start which mascot has a ihsaa class of val0 , a enrollment larger than val1 , and a school of val2 harrison ? end 
GT: start what school has a mascot of the val2 with an val0 ihsaa class and more than val1 enrolled ? end 
PD: start what is the ihsaa class of the val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start what 's the ihsaa football class in val1 with an val0 ihsaa class ? end 
PD: start what is the highest number of students at val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the enrollment for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the nation when the country is val0 and the country is val1 ? end 
GT: start what country has a val0 medal in the val1 event ? end 
PD: start what is the medal when the world record is val0 and the event is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the event in the val1 with a val0 medal ? end 
PD: start what is the world record for the val0 ? end 
GT: start which event is in the val0 ? end 
PD: start what nation is val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start which country in the val0 is val1 from ? end 
Batch 230 | Validation Loss 4.701088
PD: start what is the average bronze when the nation is val0 and bronze is more than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the average gold entry for the valval1 that also has a bronze entry that is greater than val1 ? end 
PD: start what nation has more than val0 gold , more than val1 bronze , and more than val2 bronze ? end 
GT: start what nation has a gold entry that is greater than valval2 , a total that is greater than valval3 , a silver entry that is larger than val3 , and valval2 bronze ? end 
PD: start what is the average gold when silver is more than val0 , bronze is val1 and gold is more than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is valval2 's average gold entry that also has a bronze entry that is smaller than val0 and the total is greater than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest losses for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what were the losses when the byes were less than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the play when the company is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the author of the author val1 , which has a title of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the company when the country is val0 and the author is val1 ? end 
PD: start what country has val0 as a main use ? end 
GT: start what is the country when the base is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the base when the play is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the easa of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the company when the base is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the play when the company is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest rank for val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the highest rank for rowers who represented val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the time of the rowers from val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the time for the rowers representing val0 ? end 
PD: start what is opponent , when date is val0 , and when opponent is val1 ? end 
GT: start which arena has an opponent of val0 , and a date of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the loss of the game with a loss of val0 ? end 
GT: start how much attendance has a loss of val0 ? end 
PD: start loss of val0 , and a loss of val1 involved which highest attendance ? end 
GT: start which attendance has an arena of val0 , and a loss of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest attendance for the val0 on val1 ? end 
GT: start which attendance has an opponent of val0 , and a date of val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the highest attendance on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the attendance on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the nation when the athlete is val0 and the wrestler is val1 ? end 
GT: start who 's the athlete with a wind of val1 and from the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the athlete with a time of val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the athlete with a wind of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the time of the athlete with a run 2 of val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the wind when the time was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest amount of bronze medals for the nation with val0 gold and less than val1 bronze ? end 
GT: start what 's the highest total of val0 when the bronze was less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest rank for val0 when the total is more than val1 ? end 
GT: start what 's the total of rank number val0 with more than val1 silver ? end 
PD: start what is the other mozilla with a val0 ? end 
GT: start what percentage of browsers were using internet explorer during the period in which val0 were using firefox ? end 
PD: start what is the withdrawal date of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what percentage of browsers were using internet explorer in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the percentage of safari when firefox is val0 ? end 
GT: start what percentage of browsers were using safari during the period in which val0 were using firefox ? end 
PD: start what is the status on val0 ? end 
GT: start what percentage of browsers were using opera in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the status on val0 ? end 
GT: start what percentage of browsers were using opera in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the time of the rowers from val1 with val0 ? end 
GT: start what country has val0 as the notes , and a time of val1 ? end 
PD: start who had a time of val1 and notes of val0 ? end 
GT: start who were the rowers when notes were val0 , with a time of val1 ? end 
PD: start what country is ranked higher than val0 ? end 
GT: start what country is ranked larger than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the enrollment at the val0 school ? end 
GT: start what 's the least enrolled when the mascot was the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the ihsaa class for the school with val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the ihsaa class of the val0 ? end 
Batch 231 | Validation Loss 4.825674
PD: start what is the highest rank for the val0 with an attendance less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what 's the rank when attendance was less than val0 and having val1 as an opponent ? end 
PD: start what is the average attendance for val0 when the rank is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what 's the rank for val0 with less than val1 in attendance ? end 
PD: start what is the height of the contestant who is val0 tall ? end 
GT: start what is val0 's height ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the hometown of the player from val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the round for the val0 ? end 
GT: start from what school was the player drafted in round val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the player from val0 with a pick less than val1 from the year val2 ? end 
GT: start from what school was the val0 that had a pick less than val1 and was drafted in round val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the type of the locomotive with a quantity greater than val0 and a quantity greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the type if quantity rebuilt is more than val0 and the railway number is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the class for the item " val0 " ? end 
GT: start what was the rebuildjahr(e ) for the val0 class ? end 
PD: start how many ships were used in val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the total of quantity rebuilt if the type is val0 and the railway number is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the away team of val0 ? end 
GT: start what date was val0 the away team ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game wehre val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the score when the val0 played at home ? end 
PD: start who was the home team when the away team was val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the home team that played against val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the match with val0 as the away team ? end 
GT: start what 's the score when the tie number was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the match with val0 as the away team ? end 
GT: start what 's the score when the tie number was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is every episode number for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the episode of val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the color of the episode val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the first aired date when val0 was the role ? end 
PD: start who is the musical guest and the musical guest captain was val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the first aired date of the val0 episode ? end 
PD: start what is the portuguese pluperfect when the french title is val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the roles of val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the musical guest and the musical guest captain was val0 ? end 
GT: start what episode was first aired in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest league cup goals when the league cup goals is val0 , and the league goals is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the most total goals for a player having val0 fa cup goals and val1 league appearances ? end 
PD: start what is the average total when the bronze is more than val0 and silver is more than val1 ? end 
GT: start how many bronze medals were won when the total is more than valval1 , and gold is more than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total of bronze medals when the gold is more than val0 , and the rank is more than valval2 , and the is more than valval2 ? end 
GT: start what is the rank when there was less than valvalval2 gold , valval2 bronze , and more than valvalval2 total ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of bronze medals for the nation with val0 total ? end 
GT: start what is the total when there were less than val0 bronze ? end 
PD: start what is the largest total for val0 when gold is more than valval2 and silver is more than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the rank when there is valval2 gold , the total is more than val1 , and silver is more than valval2 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest gold when the nation is val0 and the total is more than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the number of gold medals for val0 , when the total is more than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the release date of the val0 production number ? end 
GT: start what is the release date of production number val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the production number of the episode directed by val0 , and the series val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest production number released on val1 with val0 as the director ? end 
PD: start what is the release date for the val0 series with a production number greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the title with the production number greater than val0 released on val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the year for the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many years did the role of val0 last ? end 
PD: start what is the french title of the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many episodes did the actor val0 appear in ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from val0 with a rank above val1 ? end 
GT: start which county has a rank larger than val0 , and a player of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average total , when rank is greater than val0 , when country is val1 , and when total is less than val2 ? end 
GT: start which total has a county of val0 , and a tally of val1 , and a rank larger than val2 ? end 
Batch 232 | Validation Loss 4.619081
PD: start what is the sum of totals for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is val0 county 's total ? end 
PD: start what is the class for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the event when the class is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the gold when silver is val0 and the olympics is val1 ? end 
GT: start who received gold when the event is val0 and silver is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the gold when silver is val0 and the olympics is val1 ? end 
GT: start who received gold when the event is val0 and silver is val1 ? end 
PD: start who won the silver when val0 won the silver ? end 
GT: start who received gold when silver is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the gold when the rank is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the event when gold is val0 ? end 
PD: start who directed the episode titled val0 ? end 
GT: start who directed val0 ? end 
PD: start who directed the episode titled val0 ? end 
GT: start who directed val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance for the game against the val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the opposing team in the game attended by val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest draw that has val0 as the rank , and less than val1 place ? end 
GT: start what is the highest draw when the place is less than val0 and the percentage is val00.71 % ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest draw that has a place greater than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the least draw when the place is higher than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest pick for the val0 player from val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest pick of the val0 player val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average pick that has val0 as the player ? end 
GT: start what is the average pick of player val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the col ( m ) when the prominence ( m ) is more than val0 and the is val1 ? end 
GT: start with a col ( m ) larger than val0 , what is val1 's prominence ( m ) ? end 
PD: start what is the col ( m ) of the val0 with a prominence ( m ) greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the elevation ( m ) of the peak with a prominence ( m ) larger than val0 and col ( m ) of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest col ( m ) when the prominence ( m ) is greater than val0 , when the ( km ) is less than val1 , and col ( m ) is less than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the col ( m ) of peak val1 with an elevation ( m ) larger than val0 and prominence smaller than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the genre of the val0 station ? end 
GT: start what genre has a station of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the genre of the val0 station ? end 
GT: start what is the genre of the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 progran station ? end 
GT: start which station is operated by val1 under the val0 genre ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the gold when silver is more than val0 , bronze is val1 and silver is more than val2 ? end 
GT: start what 's the sum of silver with total smaller than val0 , a bronze larger than val1 , and a gold of val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the gold medals when the nation is valval3 , the nation is more than val1 , and the nation is more than val2 ? end 
GT: start what 's the sum of gold with a bronze that 's larger than val0 , silver that 's smaller than val1 , the nation of val2 , and has a total that is larger than val3 ? end 
PD: start what nation has less than val0 bronze and less than val1 bronze ? end 
GT: start what nation has a bronze that is smaller than val0 with a silver of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of bronze medals when the nation is valval3 , the nation is val1 , the nation is more than val2 , and the nation is more than val3 ? end 
GT: start what 's the total number of silver that has gold that 's larger than val0 , bronze that 's smaller than val1 , a total that 's larger than val2 , and has the nation of val3 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest amount of gold when silver is val0 and silver is more than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is listed as the highest silver that also has a gold of val0 and a total that 's larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the draw for the team with more than val0 points and more than val1 losses ? end 
GT: start what 's the lost when there were more than val0 points and had a drawn less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest amount of points for the val0 season and more than val1 points ? end 
GT: start what 's the most points for val0 with more than val1 drawn ? end 
PD: start what is the total lost for the val0 position , val1 points , and more than val2 played ? end 
GT: start what 's the points that has a lost more val1 , played less than val04 and a position more than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the release date of the val0 ? end 
GT: start when dis val0 release the dvd set ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of episodes that were aired on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total season number for episodes later than episode val0 ? end 
PD: start what platform is in val0 , and val1 as the year ? end 
GT: start what year is the val1 with a val0 platform ? end 
PD: start what is the genre for the game after val0 , the year , and after val2 ? end 
GT: start what game in the genre of val2 , has a val1 platform and its year is after val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 1.93 for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the 2.15 for val0 ? end 
Batch 233 | Validation Loss 4.947552
PD: start what is the athlete from val0 with a height of val1 and a val2 of val2 ? end 
GT: start which athlete frval0 m val2 has 2.20 val0 and 2.25 val0f val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the athlete from val0 with a height of val1 and a val2 of val2 ? end 
GT: start which athlete frval0 m val2 has 2.20 val0f val0 and a 2.25 val0f val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the maximum   ranking   with   airport   being val0 end 
GT: start which 2011 has an airport of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the release date of the val0 directed by val2 , which has a val2 ? end 
GT: start what 's the title for the release date of val3 in the val0 series , val2 reissue , and a director of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the release date of val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the release date of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the release date of val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the release date of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the release date of val0 ? end 
GT: start was there a reissue of the film released on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the musical guest and the musical titled val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the series of val0 ? end 
PD: start what country is ranked below val0 with a val1 ? end 
GT: start what country is the athlete val1 from with a rank less than val0 ? end 
PD: start who had a time of val1 and notes of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the time of val1 's race that had val0 under the notes ? end 
PD: start who had a time of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the race time for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the rank of the rowers with a time of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total rank for the athlete that had a race time of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the date of the game in week val1 with an attendance greater than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the date of the game with an attendance of val1 after week val0 ? end 
PD: start what week had an attendance of val0 ? end 
GT: start in what week was the attendance val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance on val0 ? end 
GT: start on what date was the attendance val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent on val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the opponent on val0 ? end 
PD: start how many weeks were there on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the week with a date of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the rank of the nation with val0 bronze and val1 bronze ? end 
GT: start which rank has a bronze of val0 , and a nation of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the rank of the nation with val0 bronze and less than val1 silver ? end 
GT: start how much silver has a rank of val0 , and a bronze smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest gold , when nation is val0 , when nation is val1 , and when bronze is greater than val2 ? end 
GT: start which bronze has a gold of val0 , and a nation of val1 , and a total larger than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of bronze medals when the nation is valval3 , the nation is val1 , the nation is more than val2 , and the silver medals is more than val3 ? end 
GT: start how much bronze has a gold larger than val0 , and a silver smaller than val1 , and a nation of val2 , and a total larger than val0val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total of the athlete with a total less than val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the total of the position of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest penalty for val0 when the position is less than val1 , the hoop is less than val1 , and the nation is val2 ? end 
GT: start what 's the position that has a total less than val0 m , a compulsory of val1 and voluntary less than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the total of the parallel of the athlete from val0 with a run 2 greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start what 's the total compulsory when the total is more than val1 and the voluntary is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the release date of the val0 directed by val0 ? end 
GT: start what date was val1 , directed by val0 , released ? end 
PD: start what is the title of the episode with a production number of val0 and a title of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the title of the film with production number val1 , directed by val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the production of the episode titled val0 ? end 
GT: start what is val0 's production number ? end 
PD: start what is the american version with a val0 and a val1 percentage ? end 
GT: start what is the safari value with a val0 opera and val1 internet explorer ? end 
PD: start what is the percentage of safari when firefox is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the firefox value with a val0 safari ? end 
PD: start what is the order of the val0 unit in val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the firefox value with a val0 opera on val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the withdrawal date of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the date when internet explorer was val0 end 
PD: start what is the other mozilla with a val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the firefox value with a val0 internet explorer ? end 
Batch 234 | Validation Loss 4.989638
PD: start what is the percentage of safari when the period is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the safari value with a val0 internet explorer ? end 
PD: start what is the region , when region is " val0 " ? end 
GT: start which catalog value has a region of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the region of the val0 with a val0 and a val1 ? end 
GT: start which formats have a region of val0 and catalog value of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the region , when region is " val0 " ? end 
GT: start which region is associated with the catalog value of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the label of the val0 label in val1 ? end 
GT: start what are the formats associated with the val0 label , catalog number val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the label in val0 on val1 ? end 
GT: start which date was associated with the release in val0 on the val1 label ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of money for the val0 in val1 with a weight of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest year that has val0 as the venue with a weight class ( kg ) greater than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest weight for the weight of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest weight class ( kg ) that has val0 as the venue ? end 
PD: start what is the highest sinclair ( $ m ) , when the is less than val0 , and when the value for int is less than val1 , and when the birthdate is val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest year that has val0 as the event , with val1 as the venue , and a weight class ( kg ) less than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the icao for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the airport with the icao fo val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the icao for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the icao of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the icao for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the airport with a icao of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the iata for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what airport 's iata is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the iata for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the city with an iata of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the iata for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the iata of val0 ? end 
PD: start how many loa ( metres ) occur when the mountain peak is val0 ? end 
GT: start how tall is the mountain of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the height ( m ) when the prominence ( m ) is less than val0 , metres ( ft ) is less than val1 , and the location is val2 , and the val3 is val3 ? end 
GT: start which country has a prominence ( m ) smaller than val0 , and a height ( m ) smaller than val1 , and a range of val2 , and a mountain of val3 ? end 
PD: start what is the height in meters for the city of val0 , a height shorter than val1 , and a height ( m ) of val2 ? end 
GT: start which country has a height ( m ) larger than val0 , and a range of val1 , and a mountain of val2 ? end 
PD: start what draw has val0 as the strike rate ? end 
GT: start which percentage has a draw of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the athlete with a rank of val0 and a smaller than val1 ? end 
GT: start which team had a rank under val0 with a time of 1:1val0.0val0.88 ? end 
PD: start what was the time of the rider whose thurs rider was val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the speed for the rider with a time of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the nhl team for round val0 ? end 
GT: start which college / junior / club team has a round of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average pick , when round is greater than val0 , and when player is " val1 " ? end 
GT: start which round has a player of val0 , and a pick larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the production number of the episode with production number val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the production number of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the series of the production directed by val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the series number of the episode with a production number of val0 ? end 
PD: start how many production codes does the val0 have with val1 as the production num . ? end 
GT: start what is the production number for the episode directed by val0 named val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the result of the val0 , when the lineup was val1 , and the result is val2 ? end 
GT: start name the result of the lineup of val0 , an assist / pass of val1 , and an competition of val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player with a val0 / pass and val1 as the player ? end 
GT: start name the lineup that has an assist / pass of val0,a competition of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the val0 competition with a val1 of val1 ? end 
GT: start which assist / pass has a score of val0,a competition of val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the match on val0 ? end 
GT: start where has a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the match on val0 ? end 
GT: start which score has a location of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the val0 competition ? end 
GT: start which score has a competition of val0 ? end 
Batch 235 | Validation Loss 3.560188
PD: start what was the tie number for the match with val0 as the away team ? end 
GT: start which tie number had an away team of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the match with val0 as the home team ? end 
GT: start what was the score for the tie that had val0 as home team ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the match with val0 as the home team ? end 
GT: start what was the score of the tie that had val0 as the home team ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the match with a score of val0 and a than val1 points ? end 
GT: start on which apparatus did kanayeva have a final score smaller than val0 and a qualifying score smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest qualifying score for the val0 dance ? end 
GT: start what was her lowest final score with a qualifying score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the final score of the match with a score of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was her final score on the val0 apparatus ? end 
PD: start what is the country of the athlete with a val0 ? end 
GT: start what are the notes for the athlete from val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the country of the athlete with a val0 ? end 
GT: start what are the notes for the athlete from val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average rank for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is val0 's average rank ? end 
PD: start what is the rank for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is val0 rank ? end 
PD: start what is the partner in the val0 tournament ? end 
GT: start which tournament had a partner of val0 ? end 
PD: start what tournament has val0 as the opponent ? end 
GT: start who were the opponents in the final at val0 ? end 
PD: start what county is val0 in ? end 
GT: start what school is in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the ihsaa class for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the ihsaa class football if the val0 are the mascot ? end 
PD: start what is the ihsaa class for the school with val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the ihsaa class when the school is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the player from the val0 with a pick greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start what team has a position of val1 and picked after val0 ? end 
PD: start what player is from val0 ? end 
GT: start which player is from the college of val0 ? end 
PD: start what player is from val0 ? end 
GT: start which player is from val0 college ? end 
PD: start what is the college for val0 ? end 
GT: start the val0 picked someone from what college ? end 
PD: start what is the highest pick number for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest pick for the position of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of silver when the nation is val0 and the is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the fewest number of silver medals won by val0 with fewer than val1 total medals ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the losses for the club with val0 wins and less than val1 against ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of wins for val0 with under val1 against ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of losses for the team with more than val0 draws , val1 draws , and more than val2 losses ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of against values for clubs with more than valval2 wins , val1 losses , and val2 draws ? end 
PD: start what is the average losses for the team with more than val0 draws and more than val1 draws ? end 
GT: start what is the average number of draws for losses over val0 and against values under val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of againsts with more than val0 paints ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of losses for against values over val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the genre of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which genre has a game of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the genre of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which genre has a game of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the genre for the game after val0 with a game number larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start which genre has a year larger than val0 , and a game of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total of the athlete from val0 with a time of val1 and a rank less than val2 ? end 
GT: start how much time has a reaction of val0 , and an athlete of val1 , and a rank smaller than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the average lane for val0 , and a time larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start which lane has a time larger than val0 , and a nationality of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the location of the val0 mill ? end 
PD: start what is the largest city of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is year built of the val0 mill ? end 
Batch 236 | Validation Loss 5.181117
PD: start what is the type of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the val0 mill ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest population ( 2000 census ) , when municipality is val0 , and when area ( 2002 ) is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what 's the total population when there are val0 % asian american and fewer than val1 asian american population ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the population in 2011 , when the population ( 2002 ) is greater than val0 , when headquarters is val1 , and when gdp ( $ million ) is less than val2 ? end 
GT: start what 's the total population when the asian american population is less than val0 , the indian american population is more than val1 and is val2 % indian american ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent in game val0 ? end 
GT: start who was their opponent in game val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the date of game val0 ? end 
GT: start on what date was game val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the class of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the railway number of val0 class ? end 
PD: start what is the quantity preserved for the val0 quantity and the quantity is val1 ? end 
GT: start what year was the val1 axle arrangement , which has a quantity of val0 , manufactured ? end 
PD: start what is the time of the athlete from val2 with a heat less than val0 and a time of val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the time in a heat smaller than val0 , in lane val0 , for val2 ? end 
PD: start what lane was the athlete from val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the smallest lane number of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the rank of the rowers with a time of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the rank of the rowers with val0 as notes ? end 
PD: start what was the tie number for the match with val0 as the away team ? end 
GT: start which away team that had a tie of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance for the val0 season ? end 
GT: start what was the attendance for the away team val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the away team for the match where val0 was the home team ? end 
GT: start which home team had the away team val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the home team when the tie no was val0 ? end 
GT: start what home team had val0 ties ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the match with val0 as the away team ? end 
GT: start what was the score when there were val0 ties ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of bronze when the nation is val0 and the bronze is more than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the total when the nation is val0 and bronze is more than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest total when the bronze is val0 , and the nation is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the least total when the nation is valval1 and bronze is less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total rank for nations with val0 bronze and more than val1 bronze ? end 
GT: start what is bronze when the rank is val0 and the total is more than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the largest gold when silver is more than val0 , bronze is val1 , and nation is val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the most bronze can be when silver is larger than val0 , and the nation is val1 , and gold is more than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of gold when silver is val0 and silver is more than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number for a total when the nation is valval1 and silver is larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start which nation has a gold larger than val0 , a bronze smaller than val1 , and a silver smaller than valval3 , and a nation of val3 ? end 
GT: start when the total is larger than val0,and the bronze is less than val1 , and silver larger than valval3 , and a gold larger than valval3 , what is the nation ? end 
PD: start what is the average rank for the nation with val0 bronze and more than val1 bronze ? end 
GT: start what is the average rank when the bronze is larger than valval1 , and silver is less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance for the val0 round that had an attendance of more than val1 ? end 
GT: start which venue has attendance larger than val0 , and val1 round ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the game against the val0 ? end 
GT: start which result has val0 as opponent ? end 
PD: start what is the total of the player with a val0 average ? end 
GT: start what is the played number when the high checkout is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total of legs won when the 3-dart is val0 , the 3-dart is val1 and the 3-dart is more than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the high checkout when legs won is smaller than val0 , a val180s of val1 , and a 3-dart average larger than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the total of the player with a total of val0 , a lwat bar bar , and a jersey # higher than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the number of high checkout when legs lost is val0 , 1val20 + is val1 , and played is larger than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of 140 + when the val0 player with a top 10 larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest high checkout when 140 + is val0 , and played is larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest jersey # , when the jersey # is greater than val0 , when player is " val1 " , and when horse is greater than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest legs lost with a val080s larger than val0 , a val000 + of val1 , and played is smaller than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the average number of legs won , when equipment is val0 , and when the 3-dart is greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of 3-dart average when legs lost is larger than val0 , and played is larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the model of the val0 model ? end 
GT: start what year was the val0 model ? end 
PD: start who was the winner of the val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start which race has a runners of val0 and odds of val1 ? end 
Batch 237 | Validation Loss 4.753131
PD: start what is the class of the val0 with a time of val1 ? end 
GT: start which class has a jockey of val0 on val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest number of points for the val0 , who has more than val1 points ? end 
GT: start name the highest dist ( f ) with odds of val0 and a placing larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the number of the val0 where the number of race is more than val0 and the margin is val1 ? end 
GT: start which margin has a dist ( f ) larger than val0 , and a race of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the 1 for the val0 ? end 
GT: start which dist ( f ) has a race of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average attendance for games that has val0 as the arena ? end 
GT: start what is the attendance at val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game against the val0 with a loss of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the loss of the game at val1 with a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start how many people attended the game with a score of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the attendance of the game with a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the score of the game on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game with a decision of val0 and a record of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the record of the game with an attendance of more than val0 and a score of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average attendance for the val0 with a record of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the attendance of the game with a record of val0 and less than val1 points ? end 
PD: start what club has less than val0 years before valval2 , val1 years , and had less than val3 goals ? end 
GT: start which player debuted before val0 , played for the club in val3 , played less than val1 games , and scored less than val2 goals ? end 
PD: start what is the label of the year after val0 ? end 
GT: start what label had the album after val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the title of the album that had a riaa of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the latest year that val0 was the title ? end 
GT: start what is the highest year for the title , " val0 " ? end 
PD: start what is the home team for the val0 season before val1 ? end 
GT: start who was the away team when val1 was the home team in the round less than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of round(s , when round is less than val0 , and when date is " val1 " ? end 
GT: start what is the round when val0 people attended the game on val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest round for val0 , and an attendance of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the least round for the game played at val0 in from of val1 people ? end 
PD: start what is the location of the school in val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the previous conference when the location is val0 ? end 
PD: start what school is in val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the school with the location of val0 ? end 
PD: start what school is in val0 ? end 
GT: start what is teh ihsaa class / football / soccer when the location is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the years where the is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is val0 's margin ? end 
PD: start what is the average margin of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is val0 's average margin ? end 
PD: start what is the total amount of money for val0 , who has more than val1 pg ? end 
GT: start how many years have a player of val0 , and earnings ( $ ) larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the val0 player with a margin of val1 ? end 
GT: start which margin has a country of val0 , and a score of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the to par for $ ) that has a score of val0 , a money of $ ) larger than val1 , and a to par of val2 , and a score of val3 ? end 
GT: start which to par has earnings ( $ ) larger than val0 , and a year larger than val1 , and a country of val2 , and a score of val3 ? end 
PD: start what is the quantity of the val0 k.b.sts.b ? end 
GT: start what is the quantity made when the class is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the quantity preserved year made when the manufacturer is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the year made when the manufacturer is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the wheel arrangement for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the wheel arrangement when the year made is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the wheel arrangement for the locomotive with a quantity made of val0 and a quantity of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the quantity made when the wheel arrangement is val0 and the class is val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the quantity preserved for the val0 class and val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the class when the quantity perserved is val0 and the quantity made is val1 ? end 
PD: start how many times did the match with val0 result of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the match number that had a result of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the values for the game against the val0 , when the result is val1 , and the result is more than val2 ? end 
GT: start which match had more than val2 people in attendance to watch val1 have a result of val0 ? end 
Batch 238 | Validation Loss 4.779215
PD: start what is the sum of matches , when opponent is val0 ? end 
GT: start which match did val0 participate as the opponent ? end 
PD: start what is the surface on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the surface of the match on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the val0 on val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the date of the match on val0 with score of val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the surface of the val0 final ? end 
GT: start who was the opponent on val0 in a final ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the val0 tournament with a score of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the score of the val0 court val1 tournament ? end 
PD: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the score of the match on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the surface of the tournament in val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the surface for the val0 tournament ? end 
PD: start who was the winner of the val0 circuit val1 ? end 
GT: start who is the winner of the val0 team at the val1 ? end 
PD: start who was the winner of the val0 circuit in val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the circuit in the val1 series with winner val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the winner for season val0 , and the team is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the team of winner val0 in val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of bronze when silver is less than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of the bronze medals of the nation with less than val0 silvers ? end 
PD: start what is the highest gold , when silver is greater than val0 , when nation is val1 , and when bronze is greater than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest amount of bronze val1 , which has more than val0 gold and more than val0val0 total , has ? end 
PD: start what is the average bronze when silver is val0 and bronze is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start wha is the average number of bronze of val0 , which has less than val1 silver ? end 
PD: start what county has a size greater than val0 , a val1 class , and a val2 class ? end 
GT: start what country joined before val2 , with ihssa class of val1 , and a size larger than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the enrollment for the val0 class with a val1 of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the size of the team that was previously from val1 conference , and is in ihssa class val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the ihsaa class for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the ihsaa class for the team located in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest long that has a val0 larger than val0 , an avg / g larger than val1 , and a name of val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the number of interceptions with less than val0 completions , more than val1 yardage , and the comp % is val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of yds / w , when the rank is less than val0 , the 08 - yds is val1 , and the total number of yds / att - att is greater than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the comp percentage when there are less than val0 in yardage , more than val1 touchdowns , and rank larger than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of ast avg with a yds / g larger than val0 , and a rank of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the rank when there are more than val0 completion and the comp percentage is more than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of top-1val1s where events is more than val0 and the top-5 is more than val1 ? end 
GT: start how many total cuts were made in events with more than valval1 wins and exactly valval1 top-5s ? end 
PD: start what is the least amount of wins when the events is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the fewest wins for thomas in events he had entered exactly val0 times ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of events when the top-5 is more than val0 , the top-25 is more than val1 and the is more than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of wins for events with under val2 top - val0s , under val0 top - val2val0s , and more than val1 events played ? end 
PD: start what is the average number of top-1val1s for events with more than val0 cuts made , and more than val1 events ? end 
GT: start what is the average number of cuts made for events with under valval1 entries and more than val1 wins ? end 
PD: start what is the average number of cuts made that have val0 as the cuts made ? end 
GT: start what is the average number of cuts made for events with val0 top-5s ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest cuts made that have more than val0 top-25 ? end 
GT: start what is the fewest number of top-25s for events with more than val0 cuts made ? end 
PD: start what was the record on val1 , when the score was val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the record after game val0 on val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent on val0 ? end 
GT: start what opponent played on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of erp w when the call sign is val0 and the erp w is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the total erp w of class val0 , which has a frequency mhz less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of erp w when the call sign is val0 and the frequency mhz is higher than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the total frequency mhz of the val0 call sign , which has an erp w greater than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the call sign for the val0 call sign ? end 
GT: start what is the call sign with a val0 erp w ? end 
PD: start what is the average frequency mhz of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the average frequency mhz of the val0 city license ? end 
Batch 239 | Validation Loss 5.378498
PD: start what is the sum of erp w when the call sign is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of the erp w of the val0 call sign ? end 
PD: start what is the highest erp w when the call sign is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest erp w with a val0 frequency mhz ? end 
PD: start what is the total avge of goals for the val0 in val1 with more than val1 goals ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of ends after valval2 with a nationality of val1 and val2 goals ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest ends lost for val0 with a greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest year in since that had a transfer fee of val0 and ended after val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from round val0 in round val1 ? end 
GT: start can you tell me the nationality that has the round smaller than val0 , and the player of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the college of the val0 ? end 
GT: start can you tell me the college / junior / club team that has the round of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of wins for events with less than val0 events ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of top-25s for events with val0 wins ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of events when events is more than val0 , and the top-5 is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of cuts made for events played more than val0 times and under val1 top - val15s ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the top-25 that have more than val0 wins ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of top-1val0s for events with more than val0 wins ? end 
PD: start what is the 1st run in rank val0 ? end 
GT: start which 3rd run has rank of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 1st run in rank val0 ? end 
GT: start which 3rd run has rank of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average total for the val0 ? end 
GT: start which average rank has a total of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest electorate with more than val0 votes ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest number in the labour party for the fianna fail higher than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the votes for the candidate with val0 votes , val1 party , and more than val2 votes ? end 
GT: start how many are in the labour party of a fianna fail of val0 with a total higher than val1 and more than val2 in the green party ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of 1872(s ) , when results is less than val0 , when state is val1 , and when 1876 is less than val2 ? end 
GT: start how many are in the green party with a fine gael of less than val0 and a fianna fail of less than val1 in val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest lane number when the time is val0 and the react is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what 's val0 's lane with a time less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest rank for val0 when the react is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what 's val0 's lane when they were ranked before val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the lanes for val0 when the time is more than val1 ? end 
GT: start what 's val0 's lane with a time more than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the april 28 when the number is val0 and the may 2val1 is val1 ? end 
GT: start what 2010/ 11 has val0 as 2009/ 10 , and val1 as the 2012/ 13 ? end 
PD: start what is the methyl red reading for val0 ? end 
GT: start when 2011/ 12 is val0 , what is the 2009/ 10 ? end 
PD: start what is the value for the value for the value for the value of val0 ? end 
GT: start when the 2008/ 09 has val0 what is the 2009/ 10 ? end 
PD: start what nation has val0 bronze , val1 golds , and val2 ? end 
GT: start what nation has val0 as the silver , val1 as the bronze , with valval2 as the rank ? end 
PD: start what is the total rank for val0 when gold is more than val1 ? end 
GT: start how many golds have val0 as the rank , with a total greater than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average number of silver for val0 when the is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what average silver has val0 as the nation , with a total less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average rank for val0 with a gold of val1 ? end 
GT: start what average total has val0 as the gold , with val1 as the rank ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of bronze medals for the nation with val0 bronze and more than val1 bronze ? end 
GT: start how much rank has a bronze of val0 , and a silver larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average gold for val0 when the is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start which gold has a nation of val0 , and a silver smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start how many silvers were won by val0 ? end 
GT: start how much silver has a rank of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average rank for the nation with val0 bronze and less than val1 bronze ? end 
GT: start which gold has a rank smaller than val0 , and a bronze of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest rank of bronze medals for the team with val0 gold and less than val1 bronze ? end 
GT: start which silver has a rank of val0 , and a bronze smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of silver when the nation is val0 and the gold is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what 's the total of val0 having less than val1 silver ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of gold medals for the nation with less than val0 bronze , val1 silver , and less than valval2 bronze ? end 
GT: start what 's the total number of bronze medals for valval2 having less than val0 gold and silver ? end 
Batch 240 | Validation Loss 4.903656
PD: start what is the average total for val0 when gold is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what 's the total when the gold is less than val1 and silver is less than valval1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of gold when silver is more than val0 , silver is more than valval2 , and silver is more than val2 ? end 
GT: start what 's the total of rank valval2 when silver medals are val0 and gold is more than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest rank for nations with over val0 bronze and more than val1 bronze ? end 
GT: start what are the most bronze medals in a rank more than val1 with a total larger than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total rank for the airport with a taijiquan score more than val1 ? end 
GT: start what 's the rank of val0 with a total more than val1 ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start what opponent has a record of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the date of the game that had a loss of val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the loss for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the game against the val0 on val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the score from val1 that has the val0 as the opponent ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent at the game that had a loss of val0 ? end 
GT: start what opponent has a loss of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the headphone with a val0 engine ? end 
GT: start which engine type was used in the model val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the fleet size of the val0 with a val0 and display val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the max torque@rpm of the engine which had the model val0   and a max power@rpm of val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the position of the car with a val0 engine and a val1 displacement ? end 
GT: start which race has a position of val0 and a speed of val1 ? end 
PD: start what replica has a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start which race has a replica of val0 ? end 
PD: start what replica has a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start which race has a replica of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which position has a speed of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the player with a time of val0 ? end 
GT: start which position has a time of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the position of the car with a val0 engine and a val1 displacement ? end 
GT: start which race has a position of val0 and a speed of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the built data on val0 scrapped information ? end 
GT: start which scrapped / sold has a name as rebuilt of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the nationality of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which rebuilt has a name as rebuilt of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the bayonet lug status for val0 builder val1 ? end 
GT: start which rebuilt has a builder of val0 , and a name as rebuilt of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the bayonet lug status for val0 builder val1 ? end 
GT: start which scrapped / sold has a builder of val0 , and a name as rebuilt of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is to par , when year(s ) won is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the to par number of the person who won in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total when the won is val0 ? end 
GT: start in which year(s ) did the person who has a total of val0 win ? end 
PD: start what is the year(s ) won with a total larger than val0 ? end 
GT: start in which year(s ) did the person with a total greater than val0 win ? end 
PD: start what is the total of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is val0 's total ? end 
PD: start what is the total of the player with a val0 finish and a val1 finish ? end 
GT: start in what place did val1 finish with a total of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the market index of val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the source of wealth of the person worth $ val0 billion ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what final date had val0 housemates ? end 
PD: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
GT: start what scored is recorded on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the engine for the engine of val0 , and a year of val1 ? end 
GT: start in val1 , what entrant had a val0 engine ? end 
PD: start what year was the val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the entrant in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of points for val0 with a val1 chassis ? end 
GT: start what was the total amount of points in val0 with a chassis of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the race name for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what venue hosted the val0 ? end 
Batch 241 | Validation Loss 5.769312
PD: start what was the date of the game that had a loss of val0 ? end 
GT: start when was the game with the loss of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of assists when there are less than val0 and the total goals is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the earliest year that assists were less than val0 and minutes were under val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the national kennel club toy group with   in the regular season ? end 
GT: start what is the percentage for 2008 first time when in 2006 it was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 2009 value with val0 in 2009 ? end 
GT: start what is the percentage for all in 2008 when all in 2007 was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 2009 value for the 2009 val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the percentage for first time 2011 when the first time in 2009 is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 2009 value with val0 in 2009 ? end 
GT: start what is the percentage for all 2008 when all in 2007 is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 2009 value for the 2009 val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the percentage for first time in 2012 when it was val0 for all in 2009 ? end 
PD: start what is the 2007 value with val0 in 2009 ? end 
GT: start what is the percentage for all in 2007 when all in 2006 was val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the match at val0 ? end 
GT: start which venues resulted in a val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the venue for the match on val0 ? end 
GT: start what dates had matches at the venue val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the venue for the match on val0 ? end 
GT: start what dates contained matches at the venue val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest top-5 when cuts made is less than val0 , and the top-5 is val1 ? end 
GT: start how many cuts did he make in the tournament with val0 top 25s and under 1val0 events ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of cuts made when events are more than val0 ? end 
GT: start how many cuts made in the tournament he played val0 times ? end 
PD: start what is the highest cuts made that has a val0 of val0 , and events larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start how many cuts did he make at the val0 in val1 events ? end 
PD: start what is the highest laps that has val0 as the position , with laps larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest number of points scored by val1 in more than val0 laps ? end 
PD: start what is the average grid for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is val0 's average grid ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent on val0 ? end 
GT: start which opponent plays on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the call sign for the val0 call sign ? end 
GT: start name the call sign with frequency of val0 end 
PD: start what is the sum of the frequency with a call sign of val0 ? end 
GT: start name the sum of frequency will call sign of val0 end 
PD: start what is the total failures of the val0 , when the type is val0 , and the year is after val2 ? end 
GT: start what 's the total failures among rockets that had more than valval2 successes , type val1 and more than val2 partial failures ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of bearers in val0 when the type is more than valval2 , the type is val1 and the year is more than val1val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the number of successes for rockets that have more than val0 launches , were based in val1 , are type val2 and a rocket type of val2-u ? end 
PD: start what is the host city of val0 ? end 
GT: start what dates did the episodes air in the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the network that has val0 as the television service ? end 
GT: start who was the star for the val0 network ? end 
PD: start what is the chinese title for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the local name for the episodes that aired in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the network brand for the val0 network val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the network in the val0 which aired in val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the arena in val0 ? end 
GT: start how many total appearances ( league only ) have a name of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from val0 with a less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what nationality has a ranking less than val0 with val1 as the name ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest place , when player is " val0 " , and when score is " val1 " ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest score that val1 get when he placed val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the record on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the record for val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game with a decision of val0 and a record of val1 ? end 
GT: start when the record is val1 and attendance is greater than val0 , what is the score ? end 
PD: start what was the date of the game that had a loss of val0 ? end 
GT: start who lost on val0 ? end 
PD: start how many people attended the game with a record of val0 ? end 
GT: start for record val0 , what is the sum of attendance ? end 
Batch 242 | Validation Loss 5.882249
PD: start what was the record on val0 ? end 
GT: start when was the record val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the engine for the val0 engine ? end 
GT: start which engine is responsible for the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 1st leg score for the val0 with a 1st leg of val0 and a 1st leg of val1 ? end 
GT: start which team lost val0 and val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the 2nd leg of the match where val0 is team 1 ? end 
GT: start what was the 2nd leg score between patronage sainte - anne and val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the agg when the seconf team 1 is val0 ? end 
GT: start which teams had an aggregate score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest commenced operations that has a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest facility i d that 's in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the type of the val0 k.b.sts.b ? end 
GT: start whval0 t city hval0s the val0 clval0ss licence ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of speed for val0 ? end 
GT: start on val0 , what is the velocity ? end 
PD: start what is the largest game number when the time is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest game number that had a time of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average finish for val0 , val1 , and a grand slam of val1 ? end 
GT: start name the average 3rd place with winners of valval1 , 4th place of valval1 and nation of val2 end 
PD: start what is the highest 1st prize for val0 ? end 
GT: start name the highest 3rd place for nation of val0 end 
PD: start what is the average total when the gold is more than val0 and silver is more than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the gold medal count for the country with a total greater than val0 and more than val1 silvers ? end 
PD: start what is the highest total when the gold is less than val0 and silver is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the maximum number of silvers for a country with fewer than val0 golds and a total less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of races for the val0 , with more than val1 races ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of wins for riders with fewer than valval1 races and more than val1 titles ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the tournament with more than val0 in the top 50 , and less than val1 wins ? end 
GT: start name the tournament for top-5 more thn val0 and top-25 of val0val2 with wins of val2 end 
PD: start what is the average top-25 , when events is greater than val0 , and when top-5 is greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start name the average cuts for top-25 more than val0 and top-5 less than val1 end 
PD: start what is the total number of top-1val1s ) , when events is val0 , and when events is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start name the total number of wins with top-25 of val0 and events less than val1 end 
PD: start what is the sum of top-5 for the val0 , when the top-25 is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start name the sum of top-25 for val0 and top-5 less than val1 end 
PD: start who was the val0 staged when the winner was val1 ? end 
GT: start what stage has a start of val0 in val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the category in sheridan smith for val0 ? end 
GT: start what category was in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the issue date(s ) for the artist val0 ? end 
GT: start volume : issue of val0 has what song listed ? end 
PD: start what is the issue date(s for the val0 song by artist val1 ? end 
GT: start an artist of val0 with an issue date(s ) of val1 has what as the listed weeks on top ? end 
PD: start what is the issue date(s ) for the artist val0 ? end 
GT: start with an issue date(s ) of val0 , what is in the column for weeks on top ? end 
PD: start what is the name bar for the manager of val0 , and the club is val1 ? end 
GT: start what premier league manager has an val0 sponsor and a val1 club ? end 
PD: start what is the name bar for the manager of val0 , and the club is val1 ? end 
GT: start which val1 captain is sponsored by val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the manager of the val0 ? end 
GT: start who is val0 's manager ? end 
PD: start who is the kitmaker for the val0 club ? end 
GT: start in which club is val0 a captain ? end 
PD: start who is the kitmaker for the val0 club ? end 
GT: start who is the captain of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the recnet of the val0 sun val1 ? end 
GT: start name the city of license with resolution of val0 and official website of val1 end 
PD: start what is the network brand for the val0 station val1 ? end 
GT: start name the dish for resolution of val0 and network of val1 end 
PD: start what is the resolution of the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the resolution for dish of val0 end 
PD: start what is the callsign of the val0 station val1 ? end 
GT: start name the official website which has dish of val0 and callsign of val1 end 
Batch 243 | Validation Loss 5.324561
PD: start what is the frequency of the val0 val1 ? end 
GT: start name the resolution for val0 and callsign of val1 end 
PD: start what is the resolution of the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the resolution with dish of val0 end 
PD: start what is the hival0hest points for the val0 chassis with a val1 chassis ? end 
GT: start what are the highest points for the team of val0 with val1 as the chassis ? end 
PD: start what chassis has val0 as the chassis ? end 
GT: start which chassis has val0 as the team ? end 
PD: start what is the rank for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what place did jimmy reece start from when he ranked val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the finish of val0 ? end 
GT: start what place did jimmy reece finish in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the gold coast when melbourne is val0 , perth is val1 , and perth is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the sydney that has adelaide , gold coast , melbourne , and auckland are all val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the gold when the total is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the melbourne with a val0- gold coast end 
PD: start what is the candidate with a rank larger than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the rank of the candidate with more than val0 votes ? end 
PD: start what is the transfer fee for val0 ? end 
GT: start what the since year of the player with a transfer fee of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the transfer fee for the player with more than val0 goals and a val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the since year for the player with more than val0 goals and a transfer fee of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the transfer fee for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the nationality of the player with a transfer fee of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average goals for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the average goals val0 has ? end 
PD: start what is the highest amount of points when the goals against is less than val0 and the lost is more than val1 ? end 
GT: start what were the goal conceded that had a lost greater than val0 and more than val1 points ? end 
PD: start what is the average goals scored for the team with more than val0 goals , val1 goals , and more than val2 pims ? end 
GT: start for val1 , what were the goals scored that had less than val2 points and greater than place val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of games played when the val0 is val0 , the lost is more than val1 and the goals stat is more than val2 ? end 
GT: start how many points were in a game that had a lost of val1 , greater than place val2 , and val0 goals conceded ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest goals scored when the goals against is less than val0 , and the goals for is greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest amount of goals scored that has more than val0 goal conceded and played less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of goals scored when the played is more than val0 ? end 
GT: start what are the number of goals conceded that has a played greater than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average lost for the val0 arena when the team is val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the place that val0 has a lost greater than val1 ? end 
PD: start what year was the finish higher than val0 ? end 
GT: start give the finish for years after val0 . end 
PD: start what is the stage with a than val0 stage ? end 
GT: start give the finish for a stage that is larger than val0 end 
PD: start what is the category for the val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start name the start of an event in catagory val0 of the year val1 . end 
PD: start what is the location of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the nationality of the ship when the principle victims are val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 on val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the val0 with the battle listed on val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the 1976 population of the val0 ? end 
GT: start in what year 2000 tournment did angeles montolio have a career win - loss record of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 2008 value with val0 in 2008 , val1 in 2008 , and val2 in 2009 ? end 
GT: start which career win - loss record has a val0 in 2002 , a val1 in 2000 and a val1 in 2001 ? end 
PD: start what is the song for composer of peak val0 , and track val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the title of the single with the peak position of val0 and weeks on chart is less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the country of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the weeks on chart for the single from val0 ? end 
PD: start what album was val0 from val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the country with the album val0 and weeks on chart is less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the peak position of the val0 peak peak , which has a forbes in the val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the title of the single with the peak position of val0 and from val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest sinclair coefficient with a forbes that is val0 , and a height ( m ) smaller than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the most weeks on chart when the peak position is less than val0 and from val1 ? end 
PD: start how many gold medals did val0 win when they received val1 silver ? end 
GT: start name the total number of golds when total is val0 and silver is val0 end 
Batch 244 | Validation Loss 5.877334
PD: start what is the total rank of val0 ? end 
GT: start name the total number of ranks when total is less than val0 end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 on val1 ? end 
GT: start val1 rides a val0 machine on what date ? end 
PD: start what is the bird uniform for the rider whose aggregate is val0 ? end 
GT: start what machine did val0 ride ? end 
PD: start what is the tuesday time of the val0 ? end 
GT: start where was the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the bird uniform for the rider whose aggregate is val0 ? end 
GT: start what machine did val0 ride ? end 
PD: start what is the final vuelta for the val0 event ? end 
GT: start what event was val0 riding ? end 
PD: start what is the time of the match with val0 as the wrestler ? end 
GT: start how long is the val1 track used by the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the time of the match with a time of val0 ? end 
GT: start what teams used a track val0 long ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the studio host that is in the val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the artist of the val0 track val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the podcast for val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the artist of the val0 track ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the episode that has val0 ? end 
GT: start who produced val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the attendance for the game with a val0 result , a score of val1 , and a game number larger than val2 ? end 
GT: start location of val0 , and a time of val1 , and a game larger than val2 has what sum of attendance ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest game number with a val0 game ? end 
GT: start the game of val0 has what lowest attendance ? end 
PD: start what is the average game number on val0 ? end 
GT: start date of val0 has what average game ? end 
PD: start what is the time when the game with val0 and the time is val1 ? end 
GT: start val0 , and a time of val1 has what attendance for this location ? end 
PD: start how many rounds have val0 as the college ? end 
GT: start college of val0 has how many rounds ? end 
PD: start what is the pick number for the val0 with a overall pick number of val1 ? end 
GT: start pick # of val0 , and an overall of val1 has what name ? end 
PD: start what is the college of the player from pba team with a round number less than val0 from val1 ? end 
GT: start round smaller than val0 , and an overall of val1 is what college ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the player from val0 with a pick # greater than val1 and a round of val2 ? end 
GT: start round larger than val0 , and a pick # smaller than val1 , and a college of val2 has what position ? end 
PD: start what is the original channel of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which us release has val0 pages ? end 
PD: start what is the title of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which audio has a title of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the title of the episode with a production number of val0 ? end 
GT: start which title has a us release of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the title of the val0 progran ? end 
GT: start how many pages does val0 have ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the game against the val0 with a result of val1 ? end 
GT: start name the result for val0 game site and opponent of val1 end 
PD: start what is the nhl team for the val0 ? end 
GT: start which college / junior / club team has a pick # of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the nhl team for the val0 ? end 
GT: start which pick # has an nhl team of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the player from val0 with a pick # of val1 ? end 
GT: start which player has a position of val0 , and a pick # of val1 ? end 
PD: start what nhl team picked val0 ? end 
GT: start which nhl team has a player of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the money for val0 place player val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the largest money for a val0 place , for val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the goals against when the club is val0 ? end 
GT: start how many goals against have val0 points ? end 
PD: start what is the highest top-5 , when events is val0 , and when cuts made is greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start for majors with val1 events played and more than val0 made cut , what is the most top - val00s recorded ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of wins in the val0 tournament with more than val1 wins ? end 
GT: start for more than val1 events in the val0 , what is the fewest number of wins ? end 
Batch 245 | Validation Loss 4.877906
PD: start what is the total number of events when events is less than val0 , and the top-5 is val1 ? end 
GT: start for events with under val0 times played and fewer than val1 cut made , what is the total number of top - val10 finishes ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest cuts made that has a top 1val1 larger than val0 , and events of val1 ? end 
GT: start for events with values of exactly valval1 , and val1 cuts made , what is the fewest number of top - valval1val1s ? end 
PD: start what is the engine when the year is earlier than val0 and the engine is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the tyres with a year earlier than val0 for a val1 engine ? end 
PD: start what engine was used in val1 with val0 ? end 
GT: start what company built the chassis for a year later than val0 and a val1 engine ? end 
PD: start what is the engine used in val0 ? end 
GT: start what engine was in the year of val0 ? end 
PD: start what engine was used when the chassis is val0 ? end 
GT: start what engine was for the vehicle with a val0 chassis ? end 
PD: start what is the engine used in val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the engine for a vehicle in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the tyres for the val0 engine ? end 
GT: start what is the tyres for the val0 chassis ? end 
PD: start what is the location when the game is earlier than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the location of the game that has a number smaller than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the actress that the val0 was directed by val0 ? end 
GT: start what film did val1 direct that was in the val0 category ? end 
PD: start what is the film title used in nomination for val0 ? end 
GT: start what film was filmed in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the country for val0 ? end 
GT: start what country has a director of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the actress that the val0 was directed by val0 ? end 
GT: start what film did val1 direct that was in the val0 category ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the award in the val0 film ? end 
GT: start what nominating festival was party of the val0 film ? end 
PD: start what nominating festival took place in val0 ? end 
GT: start what country was the val0 nominating festival ? end 
PD: start what was the loss of the game when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the record of the game that had a loss of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the highest attendance on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the attendance high on val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the opponent at the game when the record was val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the loss of the game when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the loss of the game when the record was val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the record on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was date of the game when the record was val0 ? end 
PD: start what loss has an opponent of val0 , and a record of val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the record at the game against the val0 with a loss of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the type of the val0 val1 type val1 ? end 
GT: start what type ride is val0 that opened in val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the type of the track that opened in val0 ? end 
GT: start what type of ride is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the type of the manufacturer with a number larger than val0 and a time of val1 ? end 
GT: start which ride opened after the val0 val1 ? end 
PD: start what manufacturer has val0 as the manufacturer ? end 
GT: start what ride was manufactured by val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the engine used in val0 ? end 
GT: start what year engine does a val0 have ? end 
PD: start what chassis has less than val0 points , val1 engine , and val2 chassis ? end 
GT: start what is the entrant of a chassis val0 , also has val1 points and older than year val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the d 47 when the d 47 is val0 ? end 
GT: start name the d 45 o with d 44 o val0 end 
PD: start what is the d 47 when the d 47 is val0 ? end 
GT: start name the d 45 o with d 46 o of val0 end 
PD: start what is the d 47 when the d 47 is val0 ? end 
GT: start name the d 41 √ with d 44 o of val0 end 
PD: start what is the d 47 when the d 47 is val0 ? end 
GT: start name the d 48 o with val0 of val0 end 
PD: start what is the d 47 when the d 47 is val0 ? end 
GT: start name the d 47 o with d 48 o of val0 end 
Batch 246 | Validation Loss 4.596207
PD: start what is the lowest league cup with val0 league ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest number of league cups a player with a val0 league has ? end 
PD: start what is the average total , when name is val0 , and when the value for is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the average number of fa cups val0 , who has less than val1 total , has ? end 
PD: start what is the height of the val0 , when the height shorter than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the height of val1 with less than val0 floors ? end 
PD: start what is the largest year tallest with a val0 ? end 
GT: start how many years was the building with val0 floors the tallest ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the heights in val0 ? end 
GT: start how many floors does the val0 have ? end 
PD: start who won the women 's doubles in val0 ? end 
GT: start in which women 's doubles did val0 play men 's singles ? end 
PD: start who won the mixed doubles in the year val0 won the men 's singles ? end 
GT: start in what mixed doubles did val0 play in men 's singles ? end 
PD: start who won the mixed doubles in the year val0 ? end 
GT: start which mixed doubles happened later than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the person 's name that is from the country of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the source for the person named val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the status of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the current status of the person named val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from val0 , a val1 of val1 , and a val2 of val2 ? end 
GT: start what was the transfer fee for the val0 transfer involving the val1 named val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from val1 with val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the source of an val0 transfer that paid a val1 transfer fee ? end 
PD: start what was the loss of the game against the val0 with a record of val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the record where the opponent was val0 and the loss was to val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the record on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the record for the date of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of seats in hamburgische bürgerschaft that has more than val0 votes ? end 
GT: start name the total number of seats for votes % more than val0 end 
PD: start what is the highest number of seats in hamburgische bürgerschaft that has val0 ? end 
GT: start name the most vote % with election of val0 end 
PD: start what is the percentage of buddhist when the total seats equals val0 ? end 
GT: start name the vote % for seats of val0 end 
PD: start what is the sum of elections when the candidate is greater than val0 ? end 
GT: start name the sum of votes % more than val0 end 
PD: start who is the writer of the val0 film ? end 
GT: start who directed a film for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the producer that has the val0 ? end 
GT: start what award did the film val0 win ? end 
PD: start what is the result for the val0 ceremony val1 ? end 
GT: start who won an award of val1 on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the year when the val0 was the val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the categorie in val0 at the val1 that danielle darrieux was in ? end 
PD: start what is the result for the year after val0 , and a year later than val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the result at the val1 in a year greater than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the earliest year that had val0 in the val1 ? end 
GT: start in what year was the movie val0 up for a val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the position for val0 end 
PD: start what is the format for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the format of the date val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the region , when region is val0 ? end 
GT: start which region is identified as val0 in the catalog ? end 
PD: start what is the format for val0 ? end 
GT: start which date is in val0 format ? end 
PD: start what is the format for val0 ? end 
GT: start which date is in val0 format ? end 
PD: start what label released on val0 ? end 
GT: start which label is dated val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the format for catalog val0 ? end 
GT: start which catalog is in val0 format ? end 
Batch 247 | Validation Loss 4.979587
PD: start who won the val0 ? end 
GT: start what event did val0 win ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 ? end 
GT: start when was the event in the city of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the prize money for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what event had a prize of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 ? end 
GT: start when was the event in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the prize for the prize val0 ? end 
GT: start what city did an event have a prize of val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the winner of val0 ? end 
GT: start what city was the event in when val0 won ? end 
PD: start what circuit did val0 win ? end 
GT: start who was the winning constructor at the circuit of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 winning team val1 ? end 
GT: start when did val0 win the val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the winning constructor of the val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the winning driver for the val0 circuit ? end 
GT: start which circuit did val0 win ? end 
PD: start what is the largest gold when silver is more than val0 , silver is more than valval2 , and nation is valval2 ? end 
GT: start what is the largest silver with gold larger than val0 , a nation of val1 , and a total larger than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of gold when the nation is val0 and silver is more than val1 ? end 
GT: start how many silvers have a nation of val0 , and a rank larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what rank has a gold smaller than val0 , a bronze of val1 , and a silver smaller than val2 ? end 
GT: start which silver has a gold smaller than val0 , a rank smaller than val1 , and a bronze of val1 ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent on val0 ? end 
GT: start who did they play on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the quantity of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which model has val0 seats ? end 
PD: start what is the model of the val0 model ? end 
GT: start in what year was the val0 model built ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the total number of seats in hamburgische bürgerschaft with a val0 model ? end 
GT: start how many seats does the val0 model have ? end 
PD: start what is the gender of the val0 party in val1 ? end 
GT: start for the train built in val0 with less than val1 seats , what is the fleet i d ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance at the game that had a record of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the record at the game attended by val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game that had a loss of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score of the game that had a loss of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game that had an attendance of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the score of the game attended by val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average year for val0 tournament ? end 
GT: start how often are the val0 hosted ? end 
PD: start what is the year for the val0 tournament ? end 
GT: start where was the val0 olympics hosted ? end 
PD: start how many times was the theme val0 ? end 
GT: start how many years was the issue price val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the issue date of the val0 software ? end 
GT: start which composition has an issue price of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the season when the season is val0 , and the season is val1 ? end 
GT: start tier of val0 , and a season of val0000–01 is what european competitions ? end 
PD: start what is the league season for season val0 ? end 
GT: start season of val0 is what league ? end 
PD: start what is the season when the season is val0 , and the season is val1 ? end 
GT: start tier of val0 , and a season of val0004–05 is what european competitions ? end 
PD: start what is the bbm when the rank is val0 ? end 
GT: start which operator has a rank of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest rank of the contestant having a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the lowest ranking source of copper , val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the natural change ( ( in millions ) , when natural change ( % ) is greater than val0 , and when technology is val1 ? end 
GT: start what 's the name of the operator who has the val1 mine and has a 2012 cu production ( lbs ) larger than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average rank for val0 ? end 
GT: start what was val0 rank average ? end 
Batch 248 | Validation Loss 4.808605
PD: start what is the lowest rank for val0 ? end 
GT: start what was val0 's lowest rank ? end 
PD: start what is the away team at the val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the away captain for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the best title for the episode val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the first year that had a prize of val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the writer of the episode val0 ? end 
GT: start what year did val0 first air ? end 
PD: start what country is val0 in ? end 
GT: start what was the host of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average number of ships in val0 with a ship of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the average launch date of the val1 vessel in val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the location of the val0 game ? end 
GT: start which location has a date of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total decile of val0 , a decile less than val1 , and a name of val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the total decile that has a val0 authority , val1 area and roll smarter than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the school in val0 ? end 
GT: start what area is named val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest points 1 , when club is " val0 " , and when points is greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest percent of val0 when he loses more than val1 games ? end 
PD: start what is the total of the points when the manager was val0 , and the club is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of points when val1 has val0 wins ? end 
PD: start what was the outcome on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the outcome of the game played on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the val0 tournament ? end 
GT: start where was the tournament played on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the val0 tournament ? end 
GT: start what is the final score of the tournament played in val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game against the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the score of the game that was played against val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the surface of the match with a score of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the surface of the game that resulted in a final score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest attendance for a time of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the attendance when the time was val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the lowest attendance at a game with a record of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the attendance when the record was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest number of overs for val0 ? end 
GT: start what did val0 set as his highest overs ? end 
PD: start what country is val0 from ? end 
GT: start what country does val0 play for ? end 
PD: start what is the place of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what place did the player from val0 come in ? end 
PD: start what is the original title of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the english title of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the original title of the film from val1 earlier than val0 , the role of val1 , and the original title is val2 ? end 
GT: start what was the original title that was directed by val2 in val1 before val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the original title of the val0 ceremony ? end 
GT: start what was the year of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the att - cmp - int when the gp - gs is val0 and the gp - gs is val1 ? end 
GT: start avg / g smaller than val0 , and a gp - gs of val1 has what name ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of losses for the player with val0 tries and less than val1 p / ko ret ? end 
GT: start avg / g that has a gp - gs of val0 , and a effic smaller than val1 has what total of numbers ? end 
PD: start what is the avg / g for the val0 / g is val0 ? end 
GT: start avg / g of val0 is what effic ? end 
PD: start what is the total of the player with a val0 / g aval1d and a gain of val1 ? end 
GT: start avg / g that has a att - cmp - int of val0 , and an effic larger than val1 is what total ? end 
PD: start what is the decile of val0 , which has a decile of val0 ? end 
GT: start which area has a decile of val0 , and a roll of val1 ? end 
PD: start how many years have an area of val0 ? end 
GT: start how many deciles have years of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the school with a decile less than val0 and a roll of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the name with a decile less than val0 , and a roll of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the school that has a roll larger than val0 , and a roll of val1 ? end 
GT: start which name has a roll larger than val0 , and years of val1 ? end 
Batch 249 | Validation Loss 5.292026
PD: start what is the former counties of val0 ? end 
GT: start which years have a name of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum decile of val0 , which has a decile of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total of the roll with a decile of val0 , and an area of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest laps for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest number of laps that also has a finish total of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the qualification with a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start which qual also has a finish total of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the qualification in val0 with val1 qualification ? end 
GT: start which qual has both val0 total laps and took place in val1 ? end 
PD: start who won the men 's singles in val0 ? end 
GT: start who won the men 's doubles the year val0 won the women 's singles ? end 
PD: start what is the urban when the free is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the code name when the southbridge shows as val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the max pressure for the val0 with a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the southbridge when the cpu support was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the val0ompression model name   with   engine   being val0 end 
GT: start what is the code name when the fsb / ht ( mhz ) is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the l2 cache for the val0 model ? end 
GT: start what is the fsb / ht ( mhz ) when the southbridge is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the model number for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what shows for southbridge when the model number is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start which stadium is for val0 with the val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the bulgarian commander in val0 , and the val1 ? end 
GT: start which tier is for val0 at val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the city of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which little league world series took place in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the tennessee that georgia of val0 is in ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent when steven smith played against val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the tennessee with a kentucky of val0 end 
PD: start what is the sum of year , when name is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total year of val0 ( kentucky ) end 
PD: start what is the type of the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many cabins were built in the time between val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the specification of turbine vendor with a quantity less than val0 ? end 
GT: start between which years were there val0 val1 model cabins built ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of year , when the is " val0 " ? end 
GT: start name the sum of year for engine of val0 end 
PD: start what is the chassis for the val0 engine and val1 ? end 
GT: start name the chassis for val1 anval0 tyres of val0 end 
PD: start what year was the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the point for val0 end 
PD: start what year was val0 the chassis ? end 
GT: start name the chassis of val0 end 
PD: start what is the average year , when events is val0 , and when events is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the year opened for val0 with a seating smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the type of the val0 with a val0 type and a val1 type ? end 
GT: start what type of photos of val1 cost val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the catalogue number of the val0 released in val1 , which had a val2 of val2 ? end 
GT: start what was the publication date of the photos of val2 that cost val0 and were published by val1 ? end 
PD: start who won the val0 ? end 
GT: start who won on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the film title used in nomination for val0 ? end 
GT: start which country is the film val0 from ? end 
PD: start what is the director of val0 ? end 
GT: start which country is the director val0 from ? end 
PD: start what is the original title of the val0 val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the title of the val0 film that is originally called val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the director of val0 ? end 
GT: start which director is from val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the director of val0 ? end 
GT: start where is the director val0 from ? end 
Batch 250 | Validation Loss 5.079435
PD: start what is the singapore gross that has val0 as the author , and val1 as the author ? end 
GT: start who were the investing dragons in the episode that first aired on val0 with the entrepreneur val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average prize money for the val0 , which has a prize money of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the average money requested in the episode first aired on val0 by the company / product name val1 end 
PD: start what is the rank of the airport with a population of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the population for rank val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start who has a former name of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the class of the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the trailers for formed from val0 end 
PD: start what is the type of the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the typed for formed from val0 end 
PD: start what is the type of the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the formed that has type of val0 end 
PD: start what was the record at the val0 ? end 
GT: start who lost with a time of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the date of the game that had a loss of val0 ? end 
GT: start who lost on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest amount of points for a racer with more than val0 points ? end 
GT: start which of the biggest points numbers had a year more recent than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of points for the val0 championship ? end 
GT: start how many years had more than val0 points ? end 
PD: start what entrant older than val0 ? end 
GT: start which entrant was present prior to val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of all runs when the innings is more than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of runs that are associated with 10wm values over val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average for the goalkeeper with val0 stumps , val1 catches , and more than 1val1 inns ? end 
GT: start how many wickets have runs under val0 , matches over val1 , and an average of val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of matches for the goalkeeper with val0 inns and less than val1 matches ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of wickets that have runs under val0 and matches under val1 ? end 
PD: start what label is on val0 ? end 
GT: start which label was cataloged as val0 ? end 
PD: start what label has val0 as the label , and val1 as the label ? end 
GT: start which catalog was formated as a val1 under the label val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest image with a val0 harrison , and image less than val1 , and image of val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the earliest year retired delivered in val0 with an in service in val1 for the poaf serial less than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest total trade ( ¥ ) , when the is " val0 " , when the total is less than val1 , and when the is " val2 " ? end 
GT: start what is the smallest amount of freight carried on the road that closed on val0 and reached super b capacity on val1 after val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the original title of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the english title listed that has an original title of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the original title of the val0 film ? end 
GT: start which year has the orginal title of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the original title of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the original title of the english title val0 ? end 
PD: start who directed the director of val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the director of the original title of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the director of val0 ? end 
GT: start which country is listed for the director val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the director of val0 ? end 
GT: start which country has the director val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game that had an attendance of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score of the game attended by val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the mission date of the val0 mission ? end 
GT: start what 's the termination of mission listed that has a presentation of credentials for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the representative appointed by val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the representative listed that has a presentation of credentials of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the termination of mission date of the representative appointed by val0 ? end 
GT: start what title has a termination of mission for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the termination of mission date of the representative appointed by val0 ? end 
GT: start what title has a termination of mission of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the representative appointed by val0 ? end 
GT: start what representative has a presentation of credentails of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the termination of mission date of the representative appointed by val0 ? end 
GT: start which title has an appointed by of val0 ? end 
Batch 251 | Validation Loss 5.290130
PD: start what is the name of the opponent is val0 and the opponent is val1 ? end 
GT: start who was val1 's opponent in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the tournament that happened in val0 in val1 ? end 
GT: start which opponent played in the val0 in val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of bronze medals for the nation with val0 gold and less than val1 bronze ? end 
GT: start how many bronzes have a nation of val0 , and a total smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average rank for val0 with more than val1 silver , and more than valval2 total ? end 
GT: start what is the average silver with more than val0 gold , a rank of val1 , and a total smaller than 3val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of gold when gold is less than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total gold with a total less than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the type of the val0 with a val1 type and a val1 of val1 ? end 
GT: start which nir number is for the val0 type that has a val1 br number ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the val0 's authority ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the school that has a roll larger than val0 and a roll of val1 ? end 
GT: start where is the school with val0 authority that has a roll of more than val1 students ? end 
PD: start what is the pinyin for val0 ? end 
GT: start name the subject of val0 end 
PD: start what is the subject of the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the chinese with subject of val0 end 
PD: start how many chinese characters are there for the department with val0 projects ? end 
GT: start name the total number of chapter for chinese of val0 end 
PD: start what is the largest ethnic group in val0 ? end 
GT: start name the highest chapter with chinese of val0 end 
PD: start what is the chinese title for the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the chapter with chinese of val0 end 
PD: start what is the engine for the engine of val0 , and a year of val1 ? end 
GT: start who used val0 in val1 ? end 
PD: start what year was val0 the entrant ? end 
GT: start who was in val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
GT: start name the score for val0 end 
PD: start what was the loss of the game when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start name the loss for record of val0 end 
PD: start what was the score of the game when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start name the score which has record of val0 end 
PD: start what was the record on val0 ? end 
GT: start name the date for record of val0 end 
PD: start what is the total of the total prize of the val0 ? end 
GT: start for all events with index val0 , what is the sum of the overall rankings ? end 
PD: start what is the status of the val0 ? end 
GT: start for the event with index val0 , what is the status ? end 
PD: start what is the   when the strike rate is val0 ? end 
GT: start for the event with index val0 , what 's the talent segment ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 val1 game ? end 
GT: start what 's the acting segment of val1 's events that are val0 ? end 
PD: start how many points have an val0 of val0 , and a overall wc points of val1 ? end 
GT: start what 's the total number of overall rankings of val1 's events that are val0 ? end 
PD: start what round was the opponent val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the opponent at the val0 round ? end 
PD: start what is the date of the game against the val0 on val1 ? end 
GT: start what day was the game held at val0 against val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average round of val0 , which has an attendance of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the average attendance at a game held at val0 for the val1 round ? end 
PD: start what was the record when the opponent was val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the opponent when the seattle seahawks had a record of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the record when the opponent was val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the opponent when the seattle seahawks had a record of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of points for the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many points after val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the engine when the points is less than val0 , the chassis is val1 and the year is earlier than val2 ? end 
GT: start before val0 , what chassis has val1 engine with val2 points ? end 
PD: start what engine is before val0 with val1 points , and val1 engine ? end 
GT: start what engine was used by val2 before val0 with less than val1 points ? end 
Batch 252 | Validation Loss 5.411909
PD: start what chassis has less than val0 points and val1 chassis ? end 
GT: start what chassis has smaller than val0 points by val1 ? end 
PD: start who was the winner in the val0 season ? end 
GT: start who was the winner in the val0 season ? end 
PD: start what is the singapore gross when the val0 is val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the company investing dragons , or val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the episode that aired on val0 and has a bbc 2 of val1 ? end 
GT: start when did val0 first air with entrepreneur val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the national rank of the contestant whose background is val0 ? end 
GT: start how much money did the company val0 request ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest year , when player is " val0 " , and when ekstraklasa is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start name the least hits for year less than val0 and player of val1 end 
PD: start what player is from val0 and has a year larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start name the player with val1 hits and years after val0 end 
PD: start what is the year when the year is less than val0 ? end 
GT: start name the hits for years before val0 end 
PD: start how many people attended the val0 game with an attendance of val1 ? end 
GT: start for the game that was played on val1 in val0 , what is the total attendance end 
PD: start what is the lowest game number when the time is val0 and the attendance is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start which week was the first game played that had a time of val0 and less than val1 attendees ? end 
PD: start which team has laps larger than val0 , and a year of val1 , and a class of val2 ? end 
GT: start which team finished val2 in class with val1 laps before val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the laops for the val0 class ? end 
GT: start in which class had val1 laps and a position of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the laops when the laps is less than val0 and the pos is val1 ? end 
GT: start which position finished val0 in class and completed less than val1 laps ? end 
PD: start what is the year for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the position in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the kit manufacturer for val0 ? end 
GT: start which kit manufacturer sponsers val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the manager of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which captain is managed by val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the kit manufacturer for val0 ? end 
GT: start which kit manufacturer supports team val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the manager of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which team does val0 manage ? end 
PD: start what is the shirt sponsor for the shirt sponsor ? end 
GT: start which shirt sponser has val0 as a kit manufacturer ? end 
PD: start what is the , when year is less than val0 , and when title is " val1 " ? end 
GT: start which title has a year prior to val0 and val1 as the platform ? end 
PD: start what is the title of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which publisher has val0 as the title ? end 
PD: start what is the , when year is less than val0 , and when title is " val1 " ? end 
GT: start which title has val0 as the platform with a year prior to val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which developer has val0 as the platform ? end 
PD: start what is the average year for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the average year that has val0 as the title ? end 
PD: start what is the highest goals against when the position is more than val0 , losses is val1 and goals against is more than val1val1 ? end 
GT: start which position is the highest to have less than val0 goals , a loss of val1 and a goal difference higher than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest goals against , when points is greater than val0 , and when played is greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start which is the lowest played with val0 points and goals higher than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of losses for the val0 position , less than val1 draws , and less than val2 losses ? end 
GT: start how many positions have val0 wins , goals against of val1 and fewer than val2 losses ? end 
PD: start what is the average number of losses for the club with more than val0 wins and more than val1 goals against ? end 
GT: start what is the average loss with a goal higher than val0 and wins higher than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average year for val0 ? end 
GT: start name the average ends for val0 end 
PD: start what is the smallest decile with a val0 of val0 , and a name of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest decile with a val0 authority and val1 ? end 
PD: start who won the men 's singles in val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the year when val0 won men 's single ? end 
PD: start who won the men 's singles in val0 ? end 
GT: start who won the men 's double the same year as val0 winning the women 's singles ? end 
Batch 253 | Validation Loss 4.784010
PD: start who won the year that val0 won the women 's singles ? end 
GT: start in what year was there val0 for women ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the school in val0 ? end 
GT: start what area is val0 in ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the ( 40 ha ) when the shuttle run ( min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : min : val05.val01 : min : min : min : min : min : min : val05.val01 : val05.val01 : val05.val01 , and the world value world rank is more than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the mach with vehicle flight # val0 and an altitude ( meters ) greater than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the max speed that has a max speed of val0 , and a 800 m of val1 ? end 
GT: start what vehicle flight # has pilot val0 and velocity ( km / h ) of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the comp in val0 ? end 
GT: start what date has a mach of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 3rd party for the val0 , val1 ? end 
GT: start in val1 , who was the 2nd member who 's 2nd party was val0 . end 
PD: start what state is val0 in ? end 
GT: start in val0 , what was the first party ? end 
PD: start what is the muzzle device with a val0 of val0 and a of val1 ? end 
GT: start which barrel twist has a stock of val0 and a hand guards of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the muzzle device with a val0 and a val1 shoulder ? end 
GT: start which hand guards has a barrel profile of val0 and a rear sight of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the laps when the year is more than val0 , the rider is val1 and the rider is val2 ? end 
GT: start who was the co - driver for the team with more than val0 laps and the number val2 after val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest laps that has val0 laps , val1 laps , and a year of val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the fewest laps for a team with a position of val0 and a number smaller than val1 before val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the gender of the candidate val0 ? end 
GT: start what gender is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest number of votes for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest number of votes for the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the protein name when the constellation is val0 ? end 
GT: start where is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the original title of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the language of the film val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the original title of the val0 film in val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the title used for val1 , the film nominated for the val0 language ? end 
PD: start who won the women 's singles in val0 ? end 
GT: start what year did val0 win the women 's singles ? end 
PD: start who won the mixed doubles in val0 ? end 
GT: start who won the mixed doubles in val0 ? end 
PD: start who won the mixed doubles in the val0 ? end 
GT: start who won the mixed doubles when val0 won the women 's singles ? end 
PD: start what is the average round for player val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the average round number of player val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest pick number for a round greater than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest round number of a pick after val0 . end 
PD: start what was the score of the game when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score when the blue jays had a record of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the to par for val0 with a score of val1 ? end 
GT: start which playval0r has a to par of val0 and a scorval0 of val1 ? end 
PD: start what country is val0 from ? end 
GT: start what country is val0 from ? end 
PD: start what is the country of the player with a score of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is val0 's score ? end 
PD: start what is the country of the player with a score of val0 ? end 
GT: start which country has a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what country is val0 from ? end 
GT: start which player is from val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of goals scored when the points are less than val0 , the goals stat is less than val1 , and the player is val2 , and the points is less than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of field goals of val3 , who has more than valval2 tries , more than val1 points , and val2 goals ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the points for the player with val0 goals and more than val1 points ? end 
GT: start how many points did the player with valval1 tries and more than val1 field goals have ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of goals for val0 , who has more than val1 goals ? end 
GT: start what is the number of goals val0 , who has more than val1 tries , has ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of goals scored when the points were less than val0 ? end 
GT: start how many goals did the player with less than val0 points have ? end 
PD: start what is the smallest goals scored when the points is less than val0 , the points is val1 and goals scored is more than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest tries the player with more than valval2 goals , val1 points , and more than valval2 field goals have ? end 
Batch 254 | Validation Loss 4.420141
PD: start what is the mascot of the school in val0 ? end 
GT: start when doeas mascot of val0 in gary froebel school ? end 
PD: start what is the previous conference for the school that was joined in val0 ? end 
GT: start which conference held at school of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the state , when the party is val0 , when state is val1 , and when member is val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the lifespan of val1 , a val2 from val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 1st party with a 1st party of val0 , and 1st member of val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the 2nd party that had the 2nd member val0 , when the 1st party was val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the 1st party with a 1st party of val0 , and 1st member of val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the 2nd party , when the 1st member was val0 , and the 2nd member was val1 ? end 
PD: start who is the 2nd member of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the 1st party when the 1st member was val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the 2nd member of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the 1st member when the 1st party had its val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 1st party with a 1st party of val0 , and 1st member of val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the 2nd party when its 2nd member was val0 , and the 1st party was val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the date of the game that had a loss of val0 ? end 
GT: start name the loss on val0 end 
PD: start who was the opponent when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the blue jays opponent when their record was val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the record on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the date of the game when their record was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the rank of bobby grim when he finished val0 laps ? end 
GT: start how many laps does the one ranked val0 have ? end 
PD: start what is the start of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the start of the race with val0 laps ? end 
PD: start what is the rank for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what year was the ranking val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the qualification with a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start what finish qualified at val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the rank for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what ranking that had a start of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the qual with val0 laps ? end 
GT: start how many laps was qualifier of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of player val1 , who has a place of val0 ? end 
GT: start name the place for score of val0 and val1 end 
PD: start what is the country of val0 ? end 
GT: start name the player for val0 end 
PD: start what is the country of the player with a score of val0 ? end 
GT: start name the score for val0 end 
PD: start what is the score of player val0 ? end 
GT: start name the score for val0 end 
PD: start what is the division in the val0 division in the val1 season ? end 
GT: start what division was val0 in val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the rank of the episode val0 , which had val1 million viewers ? end 
GT: start what is the airdate of the episode that ranked val1 and had a share greater than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the airport in val0 ? end 
GT: start what city is val0 in ? end 
PD: start what is the icao for val0 , and a iata of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the iata for val1 in the val0 ? end 
PD: start which city has an icao of val0 ? end 
GT: start which city has the iata val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the iata for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the iata of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the icao for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the icao of val0 city ? end 
PD: start what is the icao for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the icao of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score of the game when their record was val0 end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start does val0 have hdmi ? end 
PD: start what is the producer of the val0 ? end 
GT: start is val0 being producted ? end 
Batch 255 | Validation Loss 4.932796
PD: start what was the home ground(s for the match with a result of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the result of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the venue for the match on val0 ? end 
GT: start when did a venue of val0 happen ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the match at val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the venue which has a val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the home ground(s for the val0 ? end 
GT: start which home captain has date of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the home ground(s ) for the venue of val0 ? end 
GT: start which home captain has venue of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the home ground(s for the match with a result of val0 ? end 
GT: start which home captain has val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest league cup with val0 league with less than val1 league goals ? end 
GT: start what 's the highest goal ratio with a league of val0 and an fa cup less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest league cup with val0 league cup and less than val1 league ? end 
GT: start what 's the highest fa cup with the name of val0 , and league cup smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest league cup with a total larger than val0 , a league cup of val1 , and a league cup larger than val1val1 ? end 
GT: start what 's the lowest total that s got an fa cup larger than valval2 , name of val1 , and a league cup that s larger than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest year for val0 engines ? end 
GT: start what was the lowest year that the engine val0 was used ? end 
PD: start what is the chassis for the engine of val0 , and a val1 engine ? end 
GT: start which engine did val0 use with the val1 chassis ? end 
PD: start what is the engine when the chassis is val0 and the year is earlier than val1 ? end 
GT: start what chassis did the val0 use before val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the engine for the val0 engine ? end 
GT: start what engine did the val0 chassis use ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of points for the val0 ? end 
GT: start which year had more than val0 points ? end 
PD: start what is the year for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what position is val0 ? end 
PD: start what venue has a competition of val0 , and a year larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start where were the val0 after val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the notes for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what are the notes for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest rank for val0 when the lane is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start name the least lane for val0 and rank less than val1 end 
PD: start what is the total rank of val0 when lane is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start name the total number of lane for val0 and rank less than val1 end 
PD: start what is the average rank for val0 with a time larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start name the average rank with larger than val0 and heat more than val1 end 
PD: start what is the name of the 2008 - 13 that has a year joined of val0 , and a career or larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start who was the player associated with ole miss in years after val0 with a mississippi st . name of val1 ? end 
PD: start who is the 2008 - 09 of the val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the ole miss player associated with val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the alabama player associated with val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the mississippi state player associated with val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the arkansas player associated with val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total decile with a val0 , a val1 , and a roll larger than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the roll of val2 ( an val1 college ) , which has a decile larger than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total decile with a val0 , a val1 , and a roll larger than val2 ? end 
GT: start what was the decile of val1 in val0 , when it had a roll higher than val2 ? end 
PD: start which school has a decile larger than val0 , a decile larger than val1 , and a name of val2 ? end 
GT: start what val1 school had a decile of val0 and a roll larger than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest lane number for val0 from val1 ? end 
GT: start who was the val0 lane person from val1 ? end 
PD: start what year was the finish in val0 ? end 
GT: start in val0 , what was the finish ? end 
PD: start what year was the finish in val0 ? end 
GT: start in val0 , what was the finish ? end 
PD: start what is the qualification for the val0 ? end 
GT: start the qual of val0 took place in what year ? end 
Batch 256 | Validation Loss 4.871925
PD: start what is the finish when the rank is val0 and the country is val1 ? end 
GT: start with a rank of val0 , and a start of val1 , what was the finish ? end 
PD: start what is the chassis for the engine of val0 , and the points is val1 ? end 
GT: start what company made the chassis when val0 made the engine and there were val1 points ? end 
PD: start what is the hival0hest points for the engine of val0 , and a gp - gs of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the most points when val0 made the engine , and a entrant of val1 ? end 
PD: start what chassis has val0 points ? end 
GT: start what company made the chassis when there were val0 points ? end 
PD: start what chassis has less than val0 points and val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the entrant earlier than val0 with a val1 chassis ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the top-25 that have more than val0 wins ? end 
GT: start what is the number of wins that is in the top 10 and larger than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average number of cuts made that have events under val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the average number of cuts made in the top 2val0 smaller than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest number of wins before the top that had val0 wins ? end 
GT: start what is the lowest top 5 winners with less than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the points for the val0 class with a val1 greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start how many points for the val0 after val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average number of ties when the val0 were the val0 , and the less than val1 were in ? end 
GT: start what is the average 3620 value that has a 5432 of val0 and a 15122 less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average plaxo when the is less than val0 , the is more than val1 , and the is more than val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the average 5432 value with a 11502 larger than val0 , a val1 less than val1 , and a 3620 less than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest death/2013 with a val0 greater than val0 , and a val02-inch less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the highest 3620 value with a val0 of val0 and a val1 greater than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the termination of mission for val0 appointed by and val1 ? end 
GT: start which representative was the val0 and had a termination of mission date val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the mission with the val0 mission ? end 
GT: start which representative has a termination of mission date val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the termination of mission date of the representative appointed by val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the termination of mission date for the ambassador who was appointed by val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the termination of mission for val0 appointed by and val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the termination of mission date for val1 , the val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the table representative with the val0 mission ? end 
GT: start who appointed the representative that had a presentation of credentials on val0 ? end 
PD: start who is the best best of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which character first appeared in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the singapore value for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is val0 's estimated value ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the track composed by val0 ? end 
GT: start who publishes val0 ? end 
PD: start what player is from val0 ? end 
GT: start what player 's original team are the val0 ? end 
PD: start what player is from val0 ? end 
GT: start what player 's original team are the val0 ? end 
PD: start what to par has a money ( $ ) of val0 ? end 
GT: start which to par has a prize less than $ val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player from val0 with prize money less than val1 ? end 
GT: start which country has a prize smaller than $ val0 and the player val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the money for the player with a score of val0 ? end 
GT: start which score has a prize of $ val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the date of the game that had a loss of val0 ? end 
GT: start on val0 which team had the loss ? end 
PD: start what was the score on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score of the game played on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the record on val0 ? end 
GT: start on what date was their record val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the loss of the game when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start what team did they lose to when they had a val0 record ? end 
PD: start what is the average year , when date is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the year of the tournament played at val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest year that anna thompson finished in val0 , the result was val1 , and the result was val2 ? end 
GT: start what is earliest year that had a val0 event with a val1 place result played in val2 ? end 
PD: start what tournament has a result of val0 , and a year larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the result of the val1 tournament played before the year val0 ? end 
Batch 257 | Validation Loss 5.543387
PD: start what is the year for val0 ? end 
GT: start which country had a tower destroyed in val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the opponent at the game when the record was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the chassis when the entrant is val0 and the entrant is val1 ? end 
GT: start which entrant has val0 points and val1 for the chassis ? end 
PD: start which entrant older than val0 ? end 
GT: start who is the entrant when the year is less than val0 ? end 
PD: start what chassis has val0 points ? end 
GT: start how many points were scored when the chassis is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the original air date of the episode val0 ? end 
GT: start name the episode that aired val0 end 
PD: start what is the original air date of the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the original airdate for val0 end 
PD: start what is the lowest year for val0 ? end 
GT: start give the earliest year that featured val0 on women 's singles . end 
PD: start what is the lowest year for val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the first year that val0 featured in women 's singles ? end 
PD: start what round was val0 drafted ? end 
GT: start what is the name of the player taken in round val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the engine used in val0 ? end 
GT: start what engine was used in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the chassis for the val0 engine and val1 ? end 
GT: start what rank did the chassis val0 have in val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the chassis for the val0 engine and val1 ? end 
GT: start what rank did the val1 chassis finish in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the engine for the val0 engine and val1 ? end 
GT: start which engine finished val0 with the val1 chassis ? end 
PD: start what is the highest amount of wins for val0 when the is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start what highest year has wins val0 and losses less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average number of wins for the val0 season , which has more than val1 draws , and more than val2 total wins ? end 
GT: start what average year has losses val0 , and wins less than valval2 , and draws greater than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the average number of draws for the team with val0 neutral losses and less than val1 losses ? end 
GT: start what average wins has losses valval1 , and draws less than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average drawn for the team with val0 losses ? end 
GT: start what average loses has draws less than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the wins for the val0 , when the is greater than val1 , and the is less than val2 ? end 
GT: start what sum of losses has year greater than valval2 , and competition of val1 , and draws val2 , and wins val3 ? end 
PD: start what is the height of the player who is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the height of the player who currently plays for val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the position of val0 ? end 
GT: start what position does val0 play ? end 
PD: start what is the highest win percentage when the win percentage is val0 and the record is val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the largest number lost to val1 with a win rate of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest win percentage when the win percentage is val0 and the lost is less than 18val02 ? end 
GT: start what is the smallest number of matches with less than val1 losses and a win rate of val0 ? end 
PD: start how many times is the total of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of lost for the highest ranking of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest lane for val0 ? end 
GT: start what lane did val0 have ? end 
PD: start who had a lane larger than val0 and a heat of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the name that saw val0 heats and a lane higher than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest number of the val0 k.b.sts.b reverse zoval0e ? end 
GT: start what is the highest nbr number that corresponds to the val0 class and the road number of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of years , when ride is less than val0 ? end 
GT: start how many road numbers are before val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the current version of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which original operator is in the val0 class ? end 
PD: start what is the class when the year is after val0 and the year is after val1 ? end 
GT: start which class starts after val0 and has a road number smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the quantity preserved when the lms number is val0 ? end 
GT: start name the lb&scr number that has sr number of val0 end 
PD: start what is the time of the match with val0 as the wrestler ? end 
GT: start what is the time of songs that have the writer val0 ? end 
Batch 258 | Validation Loss 5.285287
PD: start what is the release date of the track composed by val0 , a track number larger than val1 , and a track number of than val2 ? end 
GT: start on songs that have a release date of val0 , a track larger than val1 , and a writer of val2 , what is the chart peak ? end 
PD: start what is the catalogue number for the val0 label ? end 
GT: start what catalogue is the song val0 ? end 
PD: start what catalogue has a track smaller than val0 , and a catalogue of val1 ? end 
GT: start on songs with track numbers smaller than number val1 and catalogues of val0 , who are the writer(s ) ? end 
PD: start what is the südbayern of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what year did he start at val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the qualification with a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the finish place with a qual of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the rank for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the rank with the qual of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the margin of the val0 when the was the runner - up ? end 
GT: start who was the runner - up when the margin was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score in the year val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the südbayern in val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the runner - up when the year was val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the val0 ? end 
GT: start in what year was the score val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the val0 margin with a val1 margin of val1 ? end 
GT: start what was the country when the margin was val0 , and when the score was val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the overall record from the val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the overall record for the school in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the highest year prize for val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the top first place prize in val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the money with a score of val0 , and a year larger than val1 , and a winner of val2 ? end 
GT: start what was the total purse in the years after val2 with a score of val0 when val1 won ? end 
PD: start what is the average rank of val0 in lanes under val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the average rank for a lane smaller than val0 with a nationality of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total rank of the athlete who had a lane larger than val0 and a 600 m of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the number of lane with a rank more than val0 for val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the time of the athlete from val0 with a rank greater than val1 ? end 
GT: start what shows for nationality when there is a rank larger than val0 , and a time of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the mirani population with a population region and a population larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the total region number of hte one that has eidsvold at val0 and biggenden larger than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the population in val0 with a sarina population less than val1 ? end 
GT: start which is the year with mundubbera being smaller than val0 , and biggenden smaller than val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average year for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the average year with val0 in mixed doubles ? end 
PD: start who won the women 's doubles in val1 when val0 won the women 's doubles ? end 
GT: start which women 's doubles happened after val0 and a women 's single of val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the game with a val0 result and a val1 result ? end 
GT: start which venue had an extra of val0 and a result of val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the game played at val0 ? end 
GT: start which venue led to a result of val0 ? end 
PD: start who was the home team at the game played at val0 ? end 
GT: start which venue had an extra of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the result of the game with a val0 result and a val1 result ? end 
GT: start which venue led to a result of val1 and had an extra of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was kaine 's ( d ) percentage in the poll on val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the percentage of terry mcauliffe that has a date administered on val0 end 
PD: start what is the source with a norris that is val0 ? end 
GT: start which source has terry mcauliffe of val0 end 
PD: start what was kaine 's ( d ) percentage in the poll on val0 ? end 
GT: start which terry mcauliffe is it that has a dates administered on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the source with a norris that is val0 ? end 
GT: start which source has a brian moran of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the visiting team for the game that had val0 visiting team ? end 
GT: start what team played on the road against the val0 at home ? end 
PD: start what was week val0 's away game ? end 
GT: start which week did the val0 play at home ? end 
PD: start what was the final score of the game played at the val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the final score on week val0 ? end 
Batch 259 | Validation Loss 4.742458
PD: start what was the date of the game at val0 ? end 
GT: start when did the val0 play at home ? end 
PD: start what was the final score of the game played week val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the final score in week val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the party of the val0 party ? end 
GT: start to what party does val0 belong ? end 
PD: start what is the term of office for val0 ? end 
GT: start when was val0 in office ? end 
PD: start what state is the val0 electorate and val1 ? end 
GT: start which party had a member from the state of val0 and an electorate called val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the party of the val0 party ? end 
GT: start what party is val0 a member of ? end 
PD: start who is the co - driver of the val0 ? end 
GT: start who was the co - driver that had a class position of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the class with val0 tyres before val1 ? end 
GT: start whival0h tires were in val0lass val0 in years before val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest year for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the earliest year that had a co - driver of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the date of the game that had a goal of val0 ? end 
GT: start which date has val0 as the goal ? end 
PD: start what label released a val0 on val1 ? end 
GT: start what label released on val0 , in the format of val1 ? end 
PD: start what label is on val0 ? end 
GT: start what are the catalogs of releases from val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the format for the val0 label with a val1 region ? end 
GT: start what is the region of the release of a val0 with catalog val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the date for catalog val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the catalog of the release from val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the region for val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the region of the release from val0 ? end 
PD: start what label has val0 as the label , and val1 as the label ? end 
GT: start what is the region of the val0 release with catalog val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the to par for val0 with a score of val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the to par for the player from the val0 with a val1 score ? end 
PD: start what is the finish of the year with less than val0 laps and val1 ? end 
GT: start name the rank for laps less than val0 and year of val1 end 
PD: start what year was val0 , complete rank of val1 ? end 
GT: start name the year for laps of val0 and rank of val1 end 
PD: start what is the finish when the rank is val0 and the year is val1 ? end 
GT: start name the rank with finish of val0 and year of val1 end 
PD: start what is the rank of the val0 horse with a qual of val1 ? end 
GT: start name the rank with laps of val0 and qual of val1 end 
PD: start what is the laops with more than val0 laps ? end 
GT: start name the finish with laps more than val0 end 
PD: start what is the rank of bobby grim when he finished val0 laps ? end 
GT: start name the rank for val0 laps end 
PD: start what was the qualification in val0 ? end 
GT: start the qual of val0 took place during what year ? end 
PD: start what is the finish of val0 ? end 
GT: start what year did the finish of val0 happen in ? end 
PD: start what is the finish of the player with a rank of val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the finish rank of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the rank for the val0 ? end 
GT: start what year did the rank of val0 happen in ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game with a result of val0 ? end 
GT: start which item resulted in a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game with a result of val0 ? end 
GT: start which item has a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the val0 competition with a result of val1 ? end 
GT: start which competition had a val0 result , and a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the 2009 value with a val0 in 200r , a 2007 of val1 , and a 2011 of val2 ? end 
GT: start nval1me the 2009 ffor 2010 of vval1l0 val1nd 2012 of val1 val1nd 2008 of val2 end 
PD: start what is the 2008 value with a val0 in 200r , a 2007 of val1 , and a 2011 of val2 ? end 
GT: start nval0me the 2011 for 2012 of val0 val0nd 2010 of val1 with 2008 of val2 end 
Batch 260 | Validation Loss 5.291410
PD: start what is the 2010 value for the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the 2010 for tournament of val0 end 
PD: start what is the 2009 value with val0 in 2011 and val1 in 2011 ? end 
GT: start nval0me the 2010 for 2011 of val0 val0nd 2008 of val1 end 
PD: start what is the 2010 value of the val0 in 2011 ? end 
GT: start name the 2011 when 2010 is val0 end 
PD: start what is the 2011 value of the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the tournament when it has 2011 of val0 end 
PD: start what is the average loss of the game with a loss of val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the average attendance for games with a loss of val0 ? end 
PD: start how many people attended the game with a record of val0 ? end 
GT: start when the team had their record of val0 , what was the total attendance ? end 
PD: start what is the election when the 1st party is val0 and the 1st party is val1 ? end 
GT: start which party with an val1 election has 1st member val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the election when the 1st party is val0 and the 1st party is val1 ? end 
GT: start which party 's 1st member is val0 in the election of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the election when the 1st party is val0 and the 1st party is val1 ? end 
GT: start which party 's 1st member is val0 in an election in val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the venue of the game against the val0 with a decision of val1 ? end 
GT: start who wval0s in val0 with opponent val1 ? end 
PD: start what was the date of the game that had a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start what venue was on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the date of the game that had a val0 of val0 ? end 
GT: start who was on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the singapore cup when the val0 09 is val0 ? end 
GT: start name the 2008/09 with 2004/05 of val0 end 
PD: start what is the april 14 when the group that has a val0 of val0 , and a 2010/11 of val1 ? end 
GT: start name the 2010/11 with 2004/05 of val0 and 2011/12 of val1 end 
PD: start what is the april 14 result for the val0 with a 2006/ of val0 , a 2006/ of val1 , and a 2006/ of val2 ? end 
GT: start name the 2006/07 with 2011/12 of val0 and 2010/11 of val0 with 2002/03 of val0 end 
PD: start what is the april 14 result for the val0 with a efficiency of val0 ? end 
GT: start name the 2011/12 with 2008/09 of val0 with 2010/11 of val0 end 
PD: start what is the april when the division is val0 and the april is val1 ? end 
GT: start name the 2009/10 with 2011/12 of val0 and 2008/09 of val1 end 
PD: start what is the june 10 , 2008 stat where mexico stat is val0 end 
GT: start nval0me the 2009/10 with 2011/12 of val0 end 
PD: start what is the rank for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the rank of player val0 ? end 
PD: start what player scored val0 goals ? end 
GT: start which player has val0 goals ? end 
PD: start what is the club for val0 ? end 
GT: start in what club(s ) does val0 play ? end 
PD: start who won the mixed doubles in the year val0 won the men 's singles ? end 
GT: start who won the men 's singles in the year that val0 won the mixed doubles ? end 
PD: start who won the men 's singles in val0 when val1 won the women 's singles ? end 
GT: start who won the women 's singles , in the year that val0 won the men 's singles and that val1 won the men 's doubles ? end 
PD: start who won the mixed doubles in the year val0 won the women 's singles ? end 
GT: start who won the women 's doubles in the year that val0 won the mixed doubles ? end 
PD: start who won the women 's doubles in val0 when val1 won the women 's doubles ? end 
GT: start who won the women 's doubles in the year that val0 won the men 's doubles , and that val1 won the men 's singles ? end 
PD: start who won the mixed doubles in the year val0 won the women 's singles ? end 
GT: start who won the women 's doubles in the year that val0 won the mixed doubles ? end 
PD: start who is the manager of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which manager has val0 as the team ? end 
PD: start who is the manager of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which manager has val0 as the team ? end 
PD: start who is the manager of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which team has val0 as the manager ? end 
PD: start what is the kit manufacturer for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the kit manufacturer that has val0 as the manager ? end 
PD: start who is the manager of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which captain has val0 as the manager ? end 
PD: start who is the manager of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which captain has val0 as the manager ? end 
Batch 261 | Validation Loss 4.354281
PD: start what was the loss of the game when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the loss of the brewers game when the record was val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the score of the game when the record was val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the record at the game that had a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what chassis has more than val0 points and val1 ? end 
GT: start which chassis is more recent than valval1 and has more than val1 pts . ? end 
PD: start what is the engine for the val0 engine in val1 ? end 
GT: start which engine from val0 has a val1 chassis ? end 
PD: start what is the highest to par , when player is " val0 " ? end 
GT: start what score to highest to par did val0 achieve ? end 
PD: start what is score , when player is " val0 " ? end 
GT: start who had a score of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the to par for val0 place player val1 ? end 
GT: start what player was place of val0 in to par and had a score of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the to par for val0 ? end 
GT: start what score to par did val0 have ? end 
PD: start what is the place of the player with a score of val0 ? end 
GT: start what place was the scorer of val0 ? end 
PD: start what country is val0 from ? end 
GT: start what country does val0 play for ? end 
PD: start what is the to par for val0 ? end 
GT: start what is val0 's par ? end 
PD: start what country is val0 from ? end 
GT: start what country is val0 from ? end 
PD: start what is the score of the player from val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the score for val0 ? end 
PD: start what country is val0 from ? end 
GT: start where is val0 from ? end 
PD: start what was the record on val0 ? end 
GT: start what 's the record on val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the capital of the val0 ? end 
GT: start which kingdom has val0 as its capital ? end 
PD: start what is the week number on val0 ? end 
GT: start what week did the val0 game occur on ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent in the game taht after week val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the date of the game after week val0 against the val1 ? end 
PD: start what week was the game played val0 ? end 
GT: start which week was the game on val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the opponent when the week was more than val0 people were the opponents ? end 
GT: start who was the opponent after week val0 with an attendance of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is team 1 , when team 1 is val0 ? end 
GT: start what team played against val0 ( team 1 ) ? end 
PD: start what was the 1st leg score for the match where val0 was the 1st leg ? end 
GT: start what was the 2nd leg result in the match that scored a val0 in the 1st leg ? end 
PD: start what is the 1st leg score for the match where val0 is team 1 ? end 
GT: start when val0 ( team 1 ) played , what was the result of the 1st leg ? end 
PD: start what is team 1 , when team 1 is val0 ? end 
GT: start what team played against val0 ( team 2 ) ? end 
PD: start what was week val0 's record ? end 
GT: start for the game that was played on week val0 , what is the record ? end 
PD: start what week was the result val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the result of the game that was played on week val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average pass def value of val0 when the team is val0 and the lowest is less than val1 ? end 
GT: start how many carries have an average under val0 and touchdowns of val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the average number of yards with more than val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the average number of carries that have more than val0 touchdowns ? end 
PD: start what is the highest yards for the player with more than val0 points and an exponent bias lower than val1 and a gain of val2 ? end 
GT: start what is the most number of touchdowns that have fewer than val0 points , averages over val1 , and fewer than val2 rushing yards ? end 
PD: start what is the total of the player with val0 points and less than val1 average ? end 
GT: start what is the sum of carries associated with val0 points and fewer than val1 touchdowns ? end 
PD: start what is the average rec for val0 when fumr is more than val1 ? end 
GT: start what is the total number of rushing yards associated with averages over val0 and fewer than val1 carries ? end 
PD: start what was the record on val0 ? end 
GT: start which record is dated val0 ? end 
Batch 262 | Validation Loss 4.981184
PD: start what was the score of the game that had an attendance of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the score for the game that has an attendance of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance on val0 ? end 
GT: start what was the date for the game that had an attendance of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the attendance at the game that had a record of val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the record for the game with an attendance of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest number of losses for the val0 accumulate than val0 , less than val1 losses , and less than val2 losses ? end 
GT: start what 's the lowest number of points with fewer than val0 losses and fewer than val2 games for the val1 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of losses for val0 when they had more than val1 points and more than val2 ties ? end 
GT: start what 's the total number of points when the val1 have fewer than val0 losses and more than val2 games ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of losses for val0 when they had more than val1 points and more than val2 ties ? end 
GT: start what 's the total number of points when the val2 have fewer than val0 losses and more than val1 games ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the points for the val0 season with more than val1 draws ? end 
GT: start what 's the sum of points for the val0 season when there are more than val1 games ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of games for the val0 season with more than val1 draws ? end 
GT: start what 's the total number of games with more than val1 points for the val0 season ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of losses for the val0 season , the team is val1 , and the draws are less than val2 ? end 
GT: start what 's the total losses for the val0 in the val1 season with fewer than val2 games ? end 
PD: start what is the draw for the team with val0 tries against and val1 points ? end 
GT: start how many tries against did the club with val0 drawn and 4val0 points have ? end 
PD: start what is the name of the player with a val0 points ? end 
GT: start which club has val0 points ? end 
PD: start what is the tries against when the points is val0 and the points against is val1 ? end 
GT: start how many points against did the club with a losing bonus of val0 and val1 tries have ? end 
PD: start what is the club when the club is val0 ? end 
GT: start which club has val0 tries for ? end 
PD: start what is the try bonus for the val0 ? end 
GT: start how many tries did the club with a try bonus of val0 have ? end 
PD: start what is the club when the club is val0 ? end 
GT: start how many tries did the club val0 have ? end 
PD: start what is the d 47 when the d 47 is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the value of d 42 √ , when the value of d 45 o is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the d 47 when the d 47 is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the value of d 45 o when the value of d 44 o is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the d 47 when the d 47 is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the value of d 43 √ when the value of val0 is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the percentage of the candidate with val0 as the d 47 ? end 
GT: start what is the value of d 47 + when the value of d 44 o is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the d 50 when the d 47 is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the value of d 46 + , when the value of d 42 √ is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the d 47 when the d 47 is val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the value of d 45 o , when the value of d 41 √ is val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the average number of winning driver val0 ? end 
GT: start what is the average number of wins of drivers from val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total rank for the nation of val0 , and a gold larger than val1 ? end 
GT: start how many gold are a rank val0 and larger than val06 ? end 
PD: start what is the total number of gold when the gold is less than val0 ? end 
GT: start how many total gold are less than val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the sum of the gold when silver is more than val0 , silver is more than valval2 , and nation is valval2 ? end 
GT: start what is the total gold that has bronze less than val0 , a silver of val1 and total more than val2 ? end 
PD: start what is the lowest amount of points for the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the least runners with dist of val0 end 
PD: start what is the name of the val0 ? end 
GT: start name the runners for val0 end 
PD: start what year was val0 laps ? end 
GT: start what is the year with val0 laps ? end 
PD: start what is the finish of val0 ? end 
GT: start what year has a finish of val0 ? end 
PD: start what is the total of bronze when silver is val0 and bronze is more than val1 ? end 
GT: start how many silver medals were won in total by all those with more than val0 bronze and exactly val1 gold ? end 
PD: start who was the opponent at the game that had a loss of val0 ? end 
GT: start which opponent has a loss of val0 ? end 
PD: start what was the record when the denver broncos played against val1 with a record of val1 ? end 
GT: start which opponent has an attendance greater than val0 and val1 as the record ? end 
Eval Time: 207.10121989250183 s
Eval Avg Loss: 5.114052468832908
Dev BLEU-4: 26.180123820885846
